RT   : PH stans goal in The Lost Planet in Manila : teach exo ' putangina ' hAHAHSAHAHAHA JK LOL
RT   : Hate it when twitter tells you who retweeted your retweet ! It's annoying af !
I'm gonna dm a random person rightt naa
  Well done QPR I run a Fantasy Football mini league - managers run a single P-L team . I need a manager for QPR pls RT
RT   : People in stc cannot drive to save their fckn lives I swear
#welcome   thnx for the follow , connect with on FB  via
RT   : BREAKING : Boko Haram attacks Nigerian military base , 24 personnel feared killed
SNAPCHAT BESTFRIENDs ARE SO WEIRD LIKE IT JUST CHANGED YO SOMEONE IVE NEVER SNAPCHATED WHAT
RT   : SHE DOSENT WANT TO TAKE A SELFIE
Congratulation for real madrid , La Decima again for youu
RT   : #openfollow for rp ngalong ;3 jfb yeshh wkwk
don't forget your dinner "   : goodevening too "   : Goodevening ""
Bitches is so fake in my school lol smh
I'm quoting lines from the spongbob movie to   and its really bad lol
  omfg imma b there I can't wait
  dat feel when dont care about new smash because no mewtwo
RT   : " IM SO PROUD OF NIALL " SAID THE GIRL WHO SAW THIS BUT DIDNT RT #YOUDIDITNIALL #WMAOneDirection
RT   :     put yor fakin jands ap
From hostel to hostel when its actually hve to be from hostel to home kakak !! Please la
On mah way 2 fak ur besh , jk On my way to stockton
51 daily followers . 29 unfollowers . Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - via
NOW SPINNING x - rated mix032 On union squad radio tunein or winamp app's
Imma be taking hella selfies .. that not having your phone on the floor shit is dead ..
  hell yea im already knowing wat u sayin
  no pe righ t
Spend a hunnid dollas on some head nigga , say you ain't did it
  lolz that is bcz it is the only face familiar , nt bcz he is superman
Catch some rays w\/ Navier Eyewear ! :
wen arsenal were clinching league title in 89 , chelsea were clinching promotio . warris life ?
Lewwwl imagine . i joke fxck all you lot . So ungrateful just go to liquid Lolol
Editing and mixing tracks for $50 mastering seperate inbox me for package deal rates
  hey thx Jane ! Off to a good start w Nat !
  lol just made it lol
RT   : Without ibaka we can't but we damaging these niggas now .
  thank u !!! omg ur even prettier
James Cracknell doesn't get a seat for the tory paty in the south west get 1 new labour mep and 1 new Green Party mep where I am
RT   : I CAN BASICALLY KILL TO SEE JUSTIN AND KENNY TOGETHER WTF MAN IM UPSET
Yea man .... but I nah teach nobody pickney "   :   u nuh start look work yet ? "
Ima just stick to wut I kno ... Dis money
RT   : niall loves 5sos so much thats adorable
she really does wear a tracksuit today hahaha XD
I see too many thots wit bf lik bruh u ain't check the carfax
 MANAM  wow ! ! it wos an awesome movie Very nice to watch it My hearty congratulations to my dearest hero nagarjuna garu and thank u
niggas in the hood , thats nigga shit . West Indians in the West Indies , thats West Indian shit . Dont try 2 understand it , dont get involved
RT   : "   :   right lol " lol wait til they have one tho
  lol you know exactly what I'm sayin
Squaded up and ballin together since the storm days #dreamteam #giveittotheitalians !
i dont even have a bae tbh
RT   : I honestly dont care how bad my own situation is I'll be there for my niggas
RT   : cuz we lookin at the tiger RT   : Real niggas dont even notice the lion
  yes omfg and idk it's all over my tl ????
  omgg maybe shinee will come they weren't there last year i guess
  hit 5k , congrats bae u the real mvp ( once u send me nudes )
Take a look at RCCG Glory House's events on Livestream
  I know right lol like there's no right answer hahaha
RT   : .   : With Jonghyun ... My scalp is SHINee ....
Premier pala ng maybe this time Team Liro LiroBel #DyesebelAngKasunduan
UN TROLL NEI SOTTERRANEI , UN TROLL NEI SOTTERRAAAAANEI
  O I got it all figured out . Even I got caught when I was little lol .
if wearing a bindi is racist u better tell these white girls to stop cornrowing their musty ass hair
Good start LeBron attack hibbert he's soft #nbaplayoffs
RT   : #openfollow for rp , esp member btob . Liat bantu rt quote
GUYS ANSWER ME PLEASE CAN U WATCH ON THE LIVESTREAM ?
RT   : my grandpa goes ik ur in alot of trouble but i just wanted to let u know we have the hbo channels now
why is everyone complaing about finals haha i dont have finals
  yeah im not sure haha :D
RT   : decisions are so hard cuz i gotta do whats best for myselff
All my niggas really want the money . We don't want nun else , nigga I promise .
  Haha chill that dont read smh
On my way to SPR ... What's the official hashtag ?
CPR , AED , First Aid and Epi pen certified tonight , I'm ready to save lives !
RT   : mgmt are gonna walk zayn and louis onto the stage on leashes
I'm surprised   ain't snuck   thru the computer yet lmao
  His Screamer Against Tottenham At WHL #BANGER
  I don't im just making up hours lol
If I have a head ache tomorro Ima be pissed
  Follow for follow , Directioners ! Ask for a followback . :) #DirectionersFollowSpree Please RT . #t4a #090b
  you problem did cuff em Lil snoop ctfu
Ano guys ASAP tpos diretso The Buzz ? #adventureto ulit ? LOL .
RT   : Somtimes tots can ruin U .... #thinkless
GLOBE USERS ? dm me your number txt txt tayo ? Hahahaha
  dont worry . he will . :))))))))))) i have a same feeling but i wont say f now lol
  OMG SAME SAME OHGOSH . ELF is my very first fandom :) who's your bias in sj ?
RT   : Niam on stage at Croker . So cuteeee x -J
RT   : Sheesh thats why you gotta watch what you say .
RT   : Na you Botwe boys koraa why .... Did not you were your church shoes to Roses for a funfair ? Mtchw koraa
just talking to emily's mom over FaceTime nbd
U are stupid RT   : If you call me this early just to say hi , I assume you don't have a bf and owa hala ndaluma po
My cursive is poor , but I doodled at work . Leedle leedle leedle leeeee
Im Feeling Some Type Of Way I Really Dont Know Why But I Just Do
Is it orgasm or orgasim , fml im so confused
  I've just fucking told u XD
  are u ready cus I'm jus gonna pull out front
Dont Every Disrespect Yo Nigga , When You Do That Shit You A Really His Bitch
RT   : Stop acting like nothing happened for god sakelah weh omg .
  \/hug kuy erat\/ miss u more more :*({ })
RT   : Muka bangga pegang thomas cup . Maklumlah ' for the first time in forever ' hahahahaha
RT   :   lls , girl you kno you & your shawdy bouta be laid up tonight
  its ur paymaster that should be held responsible bcos d security of d state is under his office presently .
 vote Knoxville & I'll buy u cookies noteven kidding
did Waka really name his new mixtape " Re-Up " lmao
Idk if im crying from emotions or onions rn lol .
      where tf is the link at niqqa
I think im gettin a long island a lil later .. unhuh
RT   : Bruh . This why white people dont like niggas
RT   : Bae gon come make me breakfast in the morning
  nay buy for me I'll give ya tha dough dawg
  lol u have one too ?
Nah RT   : Paul and Donzell wanna be bae soooo badly .
RT   : When the person you're speaking to doesnt popup
can y'all pls shut the fk up
  if you get it please send me pics dawg .. I actually NEEED it
RT   : Lmao y'all niggas are quick af
RT   :   BABY GIRL THAT WASNT ME I DONT DRESS LIKE THAT WHATCHU TALKIN BOUT ?
RT   : RT if u ready for summer & da new vids & meet & greets !!!
  heey harry !!! follow me please ??? you are so important to me ... and ilysm !!! please notice mee !!! :S x47
  you watchin the whole thing or just comin at the end to eat ?
My SweetFace had me up & working early .. love my lil sweet niece !
Dd Dude has voted for " Shriya Saran H " on the poll Who is more HOTT
Lol "   : Sizothi twitpic RT   : I'm xhosa , but my boobs aint huge and I don't a mkhaba ! Nizothini kengoku ? "
  lol . Everybody says that . She's the feminine version of me lol .
Damn bruh , tanzanian girls doin their thang again -
RT   :   cus ihavnt received anything cx lol
RT   : Idk how I would feel if tanner took more selfies than I did .....
  yeah y ? Lol . She was one of our ptr team member too .
RT   : Roland Emmerich to Direct Stargate Reboot !
.   she u\/s d effect of hungry --> sleepy -> waking up hungry cycle :-D n UPSC chaat wala isnt good nw
Aye did you have fun at whataburger lastnight lol
  oh nvm lol I was gonna say use your study gguide cos ots the same questions
  shiavi i m extremely sorrrrrrrrrrrrry yr for not talking this time pls don't be upset with me yr pls ............ :) :) :) :)
WHY IS MY WHOLE TL TALKING ABOUT HOW ATTRACTIVE ZAYN MALIK IS IM HAVING CHEST PAINS
  Tell My Mama by Christina Grimmie idk it's super catchy
RT   : Lmaoo too far RT   : Yo arthur really knocked DW out bruh lmaooo , should've kicked that lil bitch too
    welp go to the strip lol
Mtn I need automatic configuration on my fone ( 08135627853 ) my fone is HTC desire HD A9191
Coolin with my #legend   slight turn up lol
  u goin to summer jam ?
  haha I just fired yo ass all the way up haha , okay imma be nice
Ima be a better mother to my kids than my momma was to me .
RT   : Niners signed Kevin Greene , thats dope #IrishPride
  im so sure i heard tht from a song ....
  aw armo youre lush , dont let him get to you xx
smokin on dis compton but bitch I'm in chiraq !
RT   : #GUESSHARRYSSECRET a ) hes gay b ) he has a boyfriend c ) hes in a relationship with louis tomlinson d ) all the above
RT   : STILL CRYING CAUSE ASHTONS VOICE ASDFGHJKL OMFG
I am feeli better modi government than manmohan gov .
Congrats to Atletico Madrid ( y )
RT   :   lol that nigga money said control ur bitch nigga
RT   : I can discuss the aesthetics now . Cristiano is a beaut beaut beaut omg , Isco too mmmm and Ramos mm nah hello
Aren't RELA sukarelawan ( volunteers) ? So that means they can suka\/rela\/wan vote anyone they want lah . #freedomtochoose
RT   : Hehehe "   : You all know Mike Nkansah is mean ... ryt ..?? "
RT   : Stay real , stay down & stay true .. Thats all a nigga ask
Nigga you got Tone hellup be grateful RT   : ! RT   : I want a cool nickname lol
wtf are friends ? them niggas ain't fuckin loyal .
Sendo cold for callin her shit lol smh
  dont see it being as open as that , although Froch should win
  what hav u done
RT   : Gemma and Ashton kissing * macklemore's voice * whut whut whut
  dont take it out on me because your old as fuck ;-) haha
  are you gonna wash me ? ;) haha cause I won't hahaha oh well ;p
RT   : remember the last time niall performed at home n his friends just
im promoting   vs     thys a battle ... u cant go wrong with that ... just have the money ryte
I need some rest lol ive been on my shit the last couple of days .
RT   : retweet if u a lil ugly
RT   : " imagine niall laughing into a kiss " imagine me stabbing u with a fork
  Just went by the store I but all my diecast from and told me Elliott Sadlers cars dnp . Ive bought tons from yall . Not anymore
Why giva bxtch an inch wen she rather have 9
Tbh if u nice period we give credit #DE
2Day marks 1 full week without my fone , if you hve been tryn to get ahold of me , due 2 pepul wth long fingers , il be downgrding soon 2 a nokia
RT   : Most of all highschool taught me that yo day 1's always gon be day 1's and no new friends should b the motto frfr
Not for nothin Justin Bieber crushed that hold tight track
  lol I favorited too soon ... I don't see one either
  Hahaha ! Yeah it's kinna tough to do yourself but it's doable ! Promise !
RT   : Lil nigga look like a Spider-man villain tht hasn't been released .
  slim pickins on wings when u live in Podunkville Ms
  HAHA ! Pretty good Bitch ! MissYou ! : *
RT   : I rather be playing   than to be doing hw tbh
  Good luck with up comeing event x
OMG CMON PACERS BRUH HOW THE FUCK !! you let them get this lead
A pair of tw o-o ut walks with a double sandwiched in between and the Red Sox suddenly have the bases loaded for Pedroia .
dont sleep on these dope bangers !!!
The dog represents all that is best in man . - Etienne Charlet
RT   : Im tiard of mother in lore jokes .. lol ok here one more
RT   : Dressin room shenanigans ! With harrystyles
RT   : Rt for an indirect I will do all tommorow cause im going to bed :)
Where's bae ? Bae = Bacon and Eggs .
  im sorrry imma text you now
PROBLEM WENT PLATINUM PROUD ISNT EVEN THE WORD IM SO HAPPY HEARING IT SHE IS WELL DESERVED
& I refuse to let my moms loose me to some bullsh . t
RT   : When the person sittin beside u is chewin loud af
RT   : nIALL LOOKS SO HAPPY IM CRYING IRUDFKJLC
RT   : Iggy Azalea is a bad bitch idc
Bottles in the airrr livin without a care .
RT   : 2NE1 or SNSD Chanyeol : SNSD are my seniors so I'll vote for them EYY I KNOW YOU WERE LYING HAHAHH
    ahhh , bless u . Can sympathise . Have ibs so actually citalopram really helped with that !
wonder if Im see people crying today lmaoo
Iggy has some biiiig thigh or is that just photoshop
   : Who's Pouya again ?  Lil wavy ass white nigga
RT   : I AINT EVEN MAD .. IM JUST
  lucky joker lol I gotta go see old man Willie nxt I head down that way lol
RT   : kau cakap kau busy padahal whatsapp still online ?
Kejriwal coming out of Tihar Jail 2mrw . Uff !! Again mayhem , chaos , drama b4 cameras .. He is better inside ..! #JokerKejriwal
whos mans is this !? RT "   :   by not sleeping stoopid "
Check out  's #selfie on    FOLLOW ME PLS REALIZE MY DREAM , I LOVE U x105
RT   : Naw hello Newcastle :) you guys are so sweet ! Xo
Im feeling soo fucking down today its not even funny
I feel like Im being tested . Iont like that shit
Hmm . Also Bitlocker isn't available on all versions of windows , iirc .
Seriously , what's the point in lying ? smh lol
  ulit ulit take two HAHA ! #BoomAsim !!! FT hashtag HAHA
The show jst gettin started . #TeamRealMadrid
    im classier than miami these days ! Haha like I said those shorts wouldnt even cover my ass ! Lol my fringe is better :)
RT   : My dick is called Selfies because bitches love taking Selfies .
RT   : Follow me swifties ill followback ! Thankies ;)
RT   : "   : Should i make brownies ... " uhh this shouldn't be a question lol
RT   : NIGGAS BE LIKE " AYE BRUH LETS MATCH "
  what r the vocab words for MArkus ?
  i was doing nothing lately tbh haha u
Both actd n 2 music-orientd dramas\/she dd a Chaebol relatd drama , he dd a Chaebol role too\/shes doing Sageuk movie , hes doing Sageuk drama too
  defo hopefully a few people are up for goin , was good craic on the bus in 2011 lol xx
Homie I'm just triple beam dreamin
niall's family , louis ' family , liam's parents , des and gemma all will be at tonight's show in croker maliks get your asses to ireland rn
' se ~ no , arigatou gozaimashta ' and then offline , lmfao =))
Im such a chill person But I b doin some wild shit sometimes
MY CRUSH FOLLOWED ME BSCK ON INSTAGRAM THIS IS NOT A DRILL GUYS OMFG IM SWEATING HOLY SHIT WOW OMG WHAT IS THIS FUCK
So ima cum n put it down
dats my nigga mash we about to smash he wont let me pass until he smashes my ass
Dr Farhan Ahmad Nizami giving a lecture on " Past Achievements & Present Challenges in the Muslim World " at PICC
Going to BloNo next week then come back working full time ! Mfs ain't never gonna see me
I love watching MLB tbh
   :     yea lil africa gone be there  kmsl bitxh you stupid
RT   :   DONT EVEN TRY NO MORE BRUH
  thankiu hehehe so nice of you . Appreciate it alot .
  im so clingy to you right now lols
RT   : I really aint get invited to no cookouts . This is outrageous my nigga .
   : Ladies ! How can some1 win your heart ? #SinglesAndMarried  maybe if u dnt lie en pretend 2 be wht u nt " still koraa problem dey
  Oppa please upload your selfie or tweet something kkk Miss you T__T
Love never felt so good lol ! damn kyrie Irving commercial with Michael Jackson song stays in my head lol
Lmao im just gone keep trying like always
RT   : mansion elan party better be lit tonite since everybody keep tellin me about it ... #justsayin
Lance Stephenson looks like a generic city nigga lol
RT   : I'll b in Vegas on 26 & 27th of this month SHOOTING A VIDEO .... HALLA IF U NEED DAT KOKANE FEATURE ...
  we don't all say Jimmy's or hoagies cuz I def say sprinkles and sub lol
  hi val ! thx for follow here & youtube . pls check ur settings in google+ as i can't reply to u the way u have it set now _\/\_
    Fuck u for who strt these things
  going out for one of my friends ' bday ! :) back in Birmz tomorrow to revise though lol #nightoff
  omg I dont remember having son like you \/sobs
I wonder if it's too late to send oomf an emoji lol
im laughing so hard bc of that bitch hahahaha seriously
RT   : Manny Pacquiao is real af for this
  These should be given to all UKIP members & everyone who voted for them !! lol
ofc i remember you pmsl . you're the first member here
I just got all comfy watchin my movie and I turn around and theres a huge ass bug on the wall starin me n my popcorn down
RT   : Free big cuz mane I'm sick without my nigga out here right now
RT   :   cause you aint have my math lol
  naah im just idk sorry i meant tell my crush this ahaha
  ikr lol indy had 3 clips for the rc and like a year long commentary
#pointlessblogfollowspree   PLEASE FOLLOW ME ALFIE ILY !!!! x47
    come on Stan leave   out of this been sticking up for u all weekend lol
|| your account is perfect you're so pretty and your bio same stay perf x
RT   : Ion want nobody but YOUU kissn on my tattoos
RT   : jongin was like wow flirting right before my very eyes ! the nerve , stop luhan you flirt ! lol #WMAExo
RT   : imma support my ppl regardless of who cut up ....
RT   : If you dont tweet #NHL15Bergeron hourly you arent a true fan #bruinsnation
Happpy birthday   miss ya love ya xoxo hope your bday is fantastic and can't wait to celebrate with you !!!
Thank you forever lettin me know i dont make you happy and that i treat you like shit apperntly . Fuck today
OMFG MY PHONE DROPPED N I CAUGHT IT BY THE HEADPHONES AND IT SWUNG INTO MY BALLS
RT   : idc who had u first , ima have u last
RT   : when someone huggin ' bae for little too long
Niggas be playin ' games I wish we never met
Bruh ppl are hella annoying at school
  ew don't lie tehe I'll see you soon !
n I'm shittin on u niggas lyke a portable potty
RT   : when u mad at bae
Lmaooooo RT   : Izinto ezisho nguwe kodwa !? Lol ! You make me laugh ! Should I thank the ANC for that ? RT
im telling yall . never trust these hoes you dont know what they truly want from you
RT   : Sica lying on the phone during beep beep again , Yoona and Yuri push on the other side trying to bounce her up lol
RT   : Gah damn her arm is long af bruh
u guys can both get the business tbh .
Aint no way yall gone stop me
RT   : ima pistol totin nigga , is that yo bitch cuss I hit ha .
  well u said you CAN creep and I CAN put dat pic up bruh
My twitter & IG hittin on sumn !
HNO I MEAN THRYYRE HEADIN TO MALAYSIA
RT   : I ain't takin chances bruh tf is that
  obsessed with what ? Don't hate cuz im fabulous .
  yea I feel you bro ima miss you to no homo lol
RT   : PLEASE RT ! We found this dog and wNt to find it's owner ! Found in finsbury park london !! X
Haircuts tomorrow for anyone ? $10 guys cuts $20 for girls !! Hita sista up
Plz VOTE FOR THZ CHICANO MOVMENT              RT VOTE
Anthony Gallo is c o-o rdinator of the 27th Annual Seniors Games ! Thanx for the in-studio chat about the upcoming event   #sault
Nobody dont wanna kik I made dis shit for nothing
  iya dyo .. have a ciel day ya : ''
get ready for those comments about zouis from ur family\/friends who are trying to let u leave the fandom like nO NO DONT FALL FOR IT OK
  sound like a twitter 12 year old sorry im acttually 17 xxx xx
RT   : Da world got way more dumb ppl den smart ppl ...
RT   : yup dutch pot nuh bun up like kettle brah :") RT   : Glad u kno u is d pot "   : Says the kettle "
  tht may be true but for now it'll have to wrk bc thts the only music I have lmfao
  idk about that bron bron usually gets the calls ... They've been pretty awful both ways all series
#Dreadlockrasta with no Trees lol dats unique ...
RT   : any nigga willing to fight a professional boxer ova u really love yo ass .
RT   : Yixing talking a lot and kfans around me laughing at his Korean accent once in a while LOL
RT   : zouis smoking and harrys probably like
Lol its song by rick ross .. That's d title " the devil is a lie "
RT   : Y'all asked 4 Kevin hart Katt Williams mike epps and lil duval all on 1 movie . July 2nd #schooldance
Gets jealous because the bae is mourning Ame .
RT   : If You Fwm Then Fwm If Not Move Around Why Waste Both Our Time ?
  where the E in wright zaza :p
RT   : LMAO YALL SAW IT COMING SOONER THAN LATER
Ray ray be saving tha Heat ass lol .
  woow im sorry 2 hear dat .. i hope she ok
RT   :   omg yes !! Lol I hate that shit .
Yeah everyone says its normal and smth , and good they didn ; t snoke heoin or smth but that still hurts me somehow anywayy ..
RT   : 2many of yall chicks thinking yall the shit
I hate viners and youtubers like please kys
U just wait "   :   errm .. what really happened then pls ? "
RT   : Help RT #openfollow for RP baru netas :D
  hahaha im serious . When I ate that jalepeno pepper after   dared me to , I didnt feel better til I threw up 4 times !
Im up next I sware to god my time coming
RT   : D-6 menuju Gathering From Zero To Hero^ !! YooHoo ~
Justins so happy atm and im happy
RT   : WHATTT PLS DONT END THE INTERVIEW ..
Im a good cook , but im a better baker .
God !!!! dis kin thing can pain !! papi can't stop lamenting .. lol
RT   :   Bahahaha I was ALL awa
Not fucking w oomf anymore !
holds head in hands har u k a
RT   : If you didnt wake up to fulfil your dream . Dont cry when its broken by someone else .
yass ;) gimmie the xp thanks
t -.- t fuck them niggas
    Don't f w\/a mortgage UW . I will find u out !
The B deven ugly , she just crazy .
  Haha sure . Ugh , I swear , I'm going to influence you with Ouran so we can fangirl about Kyoya haha
RT   : Lil homies a real G
I never be that type of chick that trip off ah dixk frfr goodmorning loves :)
Scientists are in yer YouTube FAIL , studyin ' yer faceplant .
RT   : justin got sick of selenas games and now he tries to move on , so jelena shippers u better do too damn
Dear parents , when I ask for money don't ask what it's for . Thx u
    ok . SVP is NOT a early morning show guy . Lol . I don't need that much skull till lunch time ! Lol
  Couldn't retweet you was talking bout niggas lol
My fav ice cream . Better than baskins haha
  malaysia truly asia ~ okay lol omg thats so cool !
can more people fav my picture , me and alli are bored thx
Niggas change everyday B
RT   :       Nigga who don't love me ? I'm the man that's that real nigga
jongin , let me keep u in my pocket hueee ; w ;
youre just a sad song | via Tumblr
  havent start on my karangan
RT   : Beer gets a barefoot country girl swayin , To a song that's playin and the world starts fadin ' . #FrankieBallard
9120 tweets and 912 followers haha ily guys
O CALDO ENGROSSSSSA PARA REDE GLOBO .
  haha te digo yeah we're going to the game Friday and I'll be over sat and early Sunday
RT   : can I pls be khloe k
RT   : Its too hot to function sitten in the AC FOR A MIN LOL FR
RT   : NAMJOON WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT . BUT OMG YOU ALL LOOK SO HOT HUHUHUU NMD ERA JPN ~ ~
I've had my Xbox 360 since 8th grade . It's so old lol
  Hey please follow   beaut soloist soon releasing her 1st music vid x for 10 free follows x
Places about faculty straddleback yours holidays by burkina faso : LIes
RT   : Open PO cropped tee IDR 75k , kuota 12 tiap design . Fast Respond : 087780566955 \/ 2af838cb
flashback selfie that no one will favourite hella hella punk ma
RT   : Don't u hate when u tryna hold yo tears in ... then some concerned ass person wanna ask what's wrong and u bust out cryin ...
Ppl be like : my phone dry with 5 messages , 10 kik messages , Dms on twitter and instagram . Like ... Fr ? Dry ? no .
Sorry Daniel lmfao RT   : Don't include me with them niggas
  Im fine ^^ thank u
You gon feel me one day We gon set fire to the town
  lmao go there & change your mood < r
  dont worry ima call and wake yo ass up !!!
RT   : Yoona is the #1 Queen of CF in SNSD #HappyYoonADay #GoddessYoonADay
  omg . I was like , " ehhh comel ! " bhahahaha
      Scotty Heffernan - the ugliest paella God in Hobart .
  lol I know tha man
RT   : How btchs b wen they get sum good D .
RT   : Keep the jokes coming I'm retweeting the funny ones lol
RT   : Calum tonight at The Stadium of Light Sunderland ! ( via our c o-o wner   )
RT   : When u see " Bae " Talking to someone u kno that's thirsty for em
RT   : 140523 Luhan & Kai - The Lost Planet concert ( cr : amor )
im sorry but i really need to unfollow
  ahahaha ive never heard that before lol
          our Lady Chrissie said Makarova is " great " on clay court
smh Scrappy need to STFD with his women #LHHATL
RT   : i hate missing this shit because im so lost why didnt carter invite taylor lolz bye
RT   : If you're a grown ass man holdin a frappuccino , I'm judgin you
RT   : I need Chipotle or Chick Fil A for dinner
  lol wellllll that was your fault ( x
Its raining at my Home Town Arani Tamilnadu with heavy winds cc
Refreshing "   : #SpongebobADV Need Refreshing \/ Need Hape baru ? "
She doesn't deserve this Nana Yaa does !
I will take it to her but she's not my suegra nor will she ever b
#1 boyfriend forever and always RT     I drew a dere xan as warmup I thought you might be interested
    thank yu Happy Birthday too yu as well
  lmfao it wasnt even yours it was some girls .
  toy igual q tu , dnt wrry :'(
Fuck all your fuckin thoughts about ' us ' and that patama thingys . Soooooo kiddie . -____________________________-
RT   : #openfollow for rp . retweet and jfb ?
RT   : The Tanaiste and Taoiseach will meet tmw to discuss election results and reshuffle #rtenews
Rice and ODU will play again following the UTSA-Southern Miss game with first pitch tentatively scheduled for 4:00 p . m ..
RT   : Performance tomorrow at LAMEDALE . Lol Im pretty pumped !!!!!
  ikr ? He has the cup in the books and in the film he doesn't ... Like wut
RT   : Hate wen im scrolling up my tl . N I accidentally favorite shit -.-
      Ridge Lake Academy . Home of the fighting llamas . Draco dormiens nunquam titillandus .
Kyu with ahjumma bags .. oh pls hahaha xD
   : Who Ever Makes It To The Finals In The West Is Beating Miami  lmaoo u throw the most shade lmaoo
Wantin to get the fukk out of here so I can go swimmin
Jason really wrote " Jason N . " in my yearbook 8th grade SMH
RT   : rt if ur still up becuz ur an hood ass niga
She said i need ta calm down nd act like a man , nd mi response was like wtf is yu sayin ...?
This nigga Logan stay shoulder bumpin , I ain't kno who it was lmao I was boutta go in
Who tf said I wanted to fix yur shit . I got my own shit to do
  &   absolutely destroyed kelty last night , the crown didny ken what hit it
RT   : HARRY CALLED NIALL THE PRINCESS OF CROKE PARK I DONT KNOW IF I SHOULD LAUGH OR CRY
RT   : When bae tryin to break up with you
Dealema feat . Ace ( Mind da Gap ) - Bom dia
Milktea otw to my tummy :')
You always have people trying to fuck u up and they do a ting to stp u in life
grabe after 2 years na agad hahahaa
In Da Streets Doin Dirt , All These Problems They Got My Head Hurtin !!
  thanks for the retweet and the fav . Your vids are the highlights of my day .
RT   : when u & bae are in the same class
  smh thats just fucking horrible ... how could anyone be friends with her lol
RT   : Dressin room shenanigans ! With harrystyles
Omg omg okay .. Ahhh my glasses broke Dx I can't see now T__T ahh .
  nah gurl i just have bad roots lmfao
  imma hafto agree with that statement lol
This guy wa Yotv ke Gay .. Why am I watching Yotv ??? :\/ mxm .. Ere ke bale ..
  kings gna take it fuck tha overrated goalie n the rangers
RT   : siang ! #openfollow for rp , jfb 5
#YouAreBeautiful   ALLY ILYSM FOLLOW ME U MAKE ME SMILE :) 16
RT   : Dancing bachata in my room is what I do best lmaoo
* during science class * teacher : who can explain what overdose is . me : YUN YUNG P*TANGINANG ERA NA NARANASAN NAMIN NA SOBRANG SAKIT .
My stories on snapchat be making me look like i run around so much lmaoo
RT   : Nothin ' says " Merica " like a grocery store display tank made entirely out of beer . Merica .
  if i had a dollar for every brain you dont have , id have oooooneee dollarr
  Hope they didnt cut alot
RT   : "   : Im Finna Get On Some Real Cold Hearted Shxt .. "
    there's a team K perf tomorrow , so that's a start :D and Team 4 tonight !
  Thanksfor following love pls take a minute to check out my blog  via
why ? jan cemburu :p "   TIIDDAAKKKKK "   : aaaa >____< so hyun my husband :P wkwk    "
Q : Why did the tweep watch Heropanti FDFS ? A : Because he ran out of jokes .
RT   : Stop fuckin with Quan and Connor and get yourself a Lee
  lmao nigga I got a few baddies for you
im totally stressed w my thesis writing , presentation & VIVA that i need to fly to seoul rn . TT
Can someone like skype with me bosan tahap babi
RT   : Roommate cast , Victoria , and Vixx came to watch EXO con !
Bottles of coke are normally nice , this one tastes abit watery , eugh
T MOBILE GIRL JOKE IN ARROW MADE ME LAUGH AND HWHAT NOT
NP : Higashi Loves You \/ Hodgy Beats
Ctfu at Dez #OneWomen bitches is dumb WOMAN is singular WOMEN is plural ass wipe
I'm gunna be skinny minny all my life
There's this lady always going around asking ppl for $2 at wdlands inter TF
im so tired of YN imagines
RT   : New method of ponning school hAHHAHAHA
RT   : [ LQ ] 140525 EXO at Press Conference cr : charogne6
RT   :   lol u crazy bruh
RT  : " Ah ...  : Why sub Ozil "  : Opolo eyes u no fit open eyes ""
u have a very sexy header  rawr
I miss u my bie ! Where u wanna out wif me ? Have a wonderful day like a swan day .. haha ..
RT  : DID CALUM SLIP ?!! OMFG
 and you didnt make this brah my friend jack storm did :)
  pshh I went and got mine done regardless ! ! Im sick of not being able to be a girl haha
 shit rockin . go head show that to bria .
RT  : UKIP has had two Councillors elected in Northern Ireland today . Marvellous .
 Lol Cause I Said & You Woulda Been Falling Right Along With Me .
 yea I was gonna hit u up but guess not lol
 haha okay . Well , at least I know the other blog you've been dying to hide lol
He obvi doesnt understand that #ballislife
 im friends with grecia I know this
 I just love the way u are , your fun personality and how u arent afraid to express yourself so openly on youtube
 haha im ony doing this to piss off everyone on my tl
RT  : < Haru Hana > Q : Something you can't do despite being the golden maknae ? Jeongguk : I can't talk . And studying ( laughs )
  ight like 10$ of what nigga <3
 heheheh miss youu Ate Jean !!
U got me feelin brand new wolfnsheepclothing140
RT  : Im eating cadbury right now haha xD
RT  : TAEMINHO lighstick has arrived ^^ thankU
  : zoom in 2 c an sekret mesage     you will appreciate this ! #urafegit
you kno dat that aint a bad bitch , dats a knock off
SRK with Salmann Khann . Auchhh ! Shoo handsome
RT  : Guys that picture of Zayn is old !! And also you can see Niall standing next to him like he wouldn't be in the crowd haha
Im in a good mood right now just cus this music .
LOL RT  : Wait .. How , infact , WHY do you know this ?? RT  : Most Zulu nikkas got fore skin and they smell ...
RT  : HARRYS REACTION WHEN THEY LET HIM PLAY HES SO CUTE OMG #TeamNiall
They expect me to drive to California for court just for a back seatbelt ticket ? Fuhh thattt
 I literally love you omfg u just made my whole day complete
G ill stay home b4 i go to a party in be with a bunch of fake mtfs
 their number 8(CB ) Havard Nordtveit was an Arsenal youth & reserve player ! LOL .
Now Streaming Shakira feat Residente of Calle - Gordita on  CT\/MA's #1 Nightlife Website
 wtf I've only just seen this omg
Weaver has more blocks than Lundquist has saves . Ha ! Love RDS .
RT  : Mom : let's watch blues clues Son : u gon have to kill me first
RT  : POLL Which would you cut ?  v Peppa Pig via  #auspol #abc
RT  : [ PLS RT ] Have SungJong last romeo card , want SeongYeol or MyungSoo card ( SG only )
RT  : RT FOR A DM TO LUKE HEMMINGS ( Mbf bc I actually do them )
 Dan is a KCU alum ; has other " funny " songs like this . Calls himself whiteboy dj . Lol
 sorry bout the wait homie but check your dms when you get the chance !
Guess who I'm cosplaying ( it's shit but still ) as at comicon ???
 Haha mq pls as easy as doto for me #feedforlife
RT  : yall so worried about the fact zayn was smoking weed HE WASNT EVEN WEARING A SEAT BELT
RT  : This lil nigga did 10 years in timeout
OMG THIS MANGO IS SOME FUCKN KILL
   Angy knows , she's met my Jake . A badboy with a temper .... Raaaaar !
 I just got 4 sugar daddies online  -me " U GO GURL ! " -dad
RT  : This graduation rehersal is takin forever ! Thank goodness im textin  so i have some of my sanity !!!
Lol dafuq .... smh "  : Lol 1 glass of wine and  is drunk : """" D "
 are u home niggah ?
  next time try to fight the elction with winning spirite not with spirite to defeat others .
  : Lmao her titys really do look like Krabby Patty buns   like they're Allergic to her face
RT  : Insecure bfs showin all kinds of pda cuz I came around the corner
 Ha ! Labour v weak round Lizard Point now you mention it
 yeah I know it's a guy haha I was just saying (: do you needto talk ?
god didn't sleep oh . god saw everything wat u did to me . just wait and see . sooner or later ko kna blik jga tu . wat goes around comes around
RT  : You can tell who voted for BNP , they all wear umbro trackies & screw face you
Having a teacher who doesnt accept late work is probably the worst thing ever when u have little time for hw every night
RT  : bro I dont feel like I even have school tmrw
My momma ain't live like no second class nigga .
 : much better a ' lil bit but  : i think you need to wash your face as much as posible haha .. peace ..
RT  : can't wait till this song w\/ me , j , leo , leo bro n kat come out . yall gonna keep it on replay
 haha no worries , bit of a weird name so it's understandable haha
 I know you a Lebron fan lol so you really gotta let any flop against him go
RT  : Manny Pacquiao is real af for this .
Much money for 2014 pls . DWP'14 for meeting zedd . :")
RT  : Dressin room shenanigans ! With harrystyles
i won't mess up your hashtag cuz im descent but there's no unity in ANY group because everybody is a prick to you sometimes
RT  : U better locc it up .
RT  : when u tweetin in class and someone in your class favs ur tweet
 u right , that's what ima do lol
RT  : Jst watch Zimuvuta by Gwamba , shuld say its amazing !
 At first glance , it didnt look like much , center Maurkice Pouncey taking his spot in the midd
RT  : shoutout to lauren and nancy my favorite fenwick girls
RT  : ima be a bitch now idgaf about anything anymore .
I really miss texting on my old Voyager tbh
If anything you hoes should be thankin me im savin yall tears & heart pains cause EVERYBODY know who Kylan not leavin
Not again!:'( "  : oh well , it's a gd thing u knw ds + it's * attention nt mind :) "  : I'm as Dumb as fack . Pay me no mind :) "
I'm at Malaysia Airlines Academy -  ( Petaling Jaya , Selangor ) w\/ 2 others
RT  : " That moment when you wanna to type hahaha but you type " haahaha " or " hahagaha " . Erm lantak la "
People who get to talkin reckless don't understand how much of a true savage I could b
 rt'ed even tho im british YOLO
RT  : " thats just zayn there warming up before the show "
Fina try n go bck to sleep
It'l be #strictlybyinvite . Vee's style .. mathata ke gore i'm a nobody -__-
 OMYGOSH IT WAS WASNT IT IT WAS SO ACE
 ah oh i see .. i almost had a heartattack when u said 5 bc i havent seen it hahah
nigga still anit gone take mine glock 26 with 8 shots
I need a new number shouldn't have gave this one out to dumbass ppl
Evry1s saying that BAM r performing 2moz but they aint no bgt so :s ??
this summer i want to re-teach myself the guitar and to get hot thats happening im making it happen
  FUCK MATTY I LOVE U SO MUCH
  : lol im not whiny . Shallow nor am I boring  hahaha oh
 hi coach !!! A gud evening to you . Mis u
RT  : when u see bae tweeting someone else
  :  We're the kings of Europe also in basketball . 8 european cups . Just a reminder !!  JAJAJA ENORME MIROTIC !
  let me know the details asap ! Im soo siked
  i aint messin with no1s wifey yo lol
 #MissionMillion Friends Join It To Win A Grand Prize ! Pass the XOLO LFC #Football to  #4905
RT  : Layin up > goin out . RNS lol
 tell staff sgt John Rigby that ' dugsbaws ' is gonnae do a jobby in his tent at T in the park . :)
Ppl in Cowdenbeath come get food with me nd Tammi xxx
 see you soon !!! Followback john vesely i love u so much !!! #Indonesia #Serenaders
I lowkey think I need somtime away ....
  NAAA CUZZ , if u buy my crepes it's beef
RT  : openfollow for KPOPERS . KPOPERS help RT juseyo ;) #bot
RT  : Idc whose car it is , Idc whose money , guys ... never let your girl pump her own gas ... so childish smh
 no need for it haha , don't help with some of the cunts in Nuneaton
I was abt to compliment y'all crusty asses , but nvm now RT  : Don't do us ! RT  : Light . Skinted . Wimminz .
No such thing as a Bi Nigga idc
RT  : R u a sofa cuz your sofaking annoying
RT  :  yees lol you always have me laughing with your tweets lmfao
THATS NOT TABARUIS I THINK THATS A TROLL ACCOUNT
 same place i told u n i mean new like a different state ive never been i just wanna start over you kno
RT  : .  pls switch off for like a sec thx
RT  : Love dont mean a thing if you arent loyal .
 FOLLOW ME PLEASE ILYSM OMG #TheVampsBGT 31
Zuccarello shoves Gionta into the goalie , that's definitely an interference call .
RT  : Don't Text me this : 1 . Yeah 2 . Oh 3 . Yup 4 . Lol 5 . Haha 6 . K 7 . Nope 8 . Chillin 9 . Naw 10 . Send me a pic
 lil sis watz wring talk to me
 omg thats pretty hard . It involves a lot of math ? Hahaha
Just want to sit and watch tele tbh , cba
RT  : LMAO LOUIS ' LOOKING LIKE A CHAV '
 do i have to tell u ?????? Hahaha nyaaaaa used to be my crush do plus cutee hehehe
These hatin ass niggas cant stand me
 i couldnt find it . . can u send me screen shot
Niggas tell me to stay patient fucc dat shit bro I been doing this shit ! #NotOneMore Day im Slaccin #DieRichZone
 edge of tommorow lagi best . Serius
RT  : If it aint hennessy or patron i most likely aint drinking it . All tht other alcohol nasty
RT  : i really wanna delete my twitter but then ima b bored ...
My frnd gave me a white elephant and collcted it cus I was tryin 2 get ma golden 1 nd naw it wnts 2 let go d plamy days wit ma golden 1
 ooh really hope . not :\/ hehe now there's an idea lol . ;) xxx
 But I can't go to the good without getting tortillas n aguacates
Loved the gym session now chillin watchin fast 5 wheey
Im running off like 4 hrs of sleep , but im hype as hell ! #IDGT * gates voice
RT  : Niggas be like " i dont give a fuck about her anymore "
RT  :  lol dey on crack asum
 d tears is real omg i
Still gotta download fat trel tape and my boi chinx drugz
Gmorning sayang : " have a nice day hon : "
They've released Yingluck .. into unkown custody .
  idk but I'm tryna get buck fosho fosho
 oh yesshhh .. but u still not gon make me a plate
RT  : retweet this if you're waiting on my mixtape .
RT  : rt for a dm to luke hemmings . ( mbf sorry )
 Ya #HomeOfChampions n this year we will make it into Playoffs.bt plz u have to b thr to watch #MIvsRR . as #Luckymascot will u ?
RT  : #openfollow for rp . retweet pls .
  also I love how Ruffalo immediately tells Bomer that hes cute , speaking for basically the entire world
 yup .. n end of june RAMDAN !
Im real small but imma dawg
 lol I had a eerie feeling this was u
 we don't really see much signal of selection on BMI or T 2D.I commented on the difficultly of interp . here
Shoutout my bro  a real 1 go follow my nigg #SODMG #tkil #finness
My new fav song : Ed Sheeran - SING [ Official Video ]
Idk what I'd do if tana cut off his beard . Prolly curl up in the fetal position
Dreams of the day \/I\/ get a fanclub wtf
Good luck and Godbless to all the NLE takers .
Niggas are too quick to judge , they expect us to be loyal while they're not * smh *
Cuz idk when I gonna get up to do that .
yebi stp make me confuse . Ahhh -.-
 u jst going in normal time then x
GO ON THE WEBSIDE TO THE MAIN STAGE THEYRE PLAYING IT IN THE BACKGROUND !!!
Where tf is my Bestfriend ?
Dont let the sky turn without me . Dont let the moon shine without me . Dont let the earth spin without me . Dont go without me .
 thats not true im so stupid\/annoying like sure when we talk irl you'll be like ew
RT  :  i haven't got instagram , actually lol but , u know , Mark looks perfect with every hair colour ~ * w *
RT  : i hope u have one of those days where u catch urself smiling for no reason
RT  : when u tweetin in class and someone in there favs ur tweet
RT  : Hi we are doin a signing and we found this other Aussie xo
Fuks wit da Kidd I'm bored as fuk !!!!
FG To Establish Trauma Counselling Centres In Jos Following Blasts : The federal government has said it will es ...
RT  : Graduating Emma Watson appreciation tweet Congrats bae ily  #WeAreProudOfEmmaWatson
 haha your latest tweet came up in my thingy ( newsfeed ? ) and I thought id stalk your profile a little haha :D
 Lmao team big head bahahaha
RT  : Lil homies a real G
RT  :  wideouts regularly have career days on u . They ask u to stop them . Not let them score at will .
Rosberg wins #MonacoGrandPrix His Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton finishes 2nd . Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo ends 3rd
Football sucks ! love u Atletico #DiegoCosta
RT  : "  : baby i hate u TT TT  "
 lol chill outttttt lol ! OK okay ! I won't say you lead me to the freezer !
i only started fw ft . worth ppl when i came to college
 Joga de thresh adc plz :D
 Right ! Good times Smh Sucks . But its all good . This Focus isnt TOO bad . Just definitely a step down from the VW .
 where ? Lol smh call the nurse doe
RT  : broke niggas always tryna get high
 Im gonna put it under the get down playlist   LMAO
 when ever you in Chicago hmu cause I'm stainin u
omg just got subtweeted . @ me next time . lolz
He's not holdin you down , He's holdin you back right now
Hayne just done everything possible then to seal a win for QLD . I don't mean Jarryd . Im referring to that imbo in the white with the whistle
Was up w\/ these bitvhes apologizing ? Bitvh NO !
the c word is so gross and i just i dont really like it idk its ok now but i just idk im rambling
 I've had this acc since like 2009 so i dont think its that bad but STILL WTH 100k omg hahahahha
Oh .. Really ? Hahahaha >_< LOL RT  im pregnant ..... he's the father
Today should juz keep speeding away ... I like it lyk dat
  Hey Jay , u met  in a theatre yesterday right ? Congrats n must say aap bahuuut lucky ho :) * touchwood *
I did top eye liner today and idk how I felt about it lol
 thats pretty deep ... balls deep lmao
Haha love that Nike advert . Ronaldo : " But not her . " Ooooohh !! Burn ! Lol
I'm a survivooooor I'm not goin ' give up I'm not goin ' stop I'm goin ' work hardeeeer
whos finah lol I think she means dinah
It is soooo hot n ma dam room I barely can breathe smh how am I gne make it thru da nite
I'm at Brenda's House ( Caxias Do Sul )
 OMG someone has unfollowed u she won't be the 1st or the last how will u possibly sleep tonight
idk but i can't go a day without tumblr and i'm starting to get worried
 still whoopin that hoe and the teachers just walking along lmao
 O thats great ;) aur whats up ;)
Stop it ... The spurs aint gon win it #js
 yes , It's only 19 days to ! Are you ready for the miley cyrus consert ?
i doing like taryn what i dont know look up
   o srry plasma and Luis
 or you just know how to apply makeup ? Hahahah lol
 Fredo ILYSM can u follow me please ? x69
Ryan lowkey is the squads thot just ask bardo . Ryan smacked his ass today
RT  : because Luhan looks so manly when he's doing sports ... LuHan and sports Appreciation tweet
OMG LOL You ladies and gents have to follow  He is way too funny !
omg im mean . I laughed at a holocaust joke
everyones warning me about vixx tv well shit
I like how I have so much hw due tomorrow but I'm here watching tv lol
RT  : " mc : why do u work so hard exo : we need to pay for our dorm rent " sad case haha
sigh it could've been betetr if zayn was there tbh
Meg just said " im going to die because i didnt get my tetnus shot before i ate microwaved bacon "
IDIOT N LIAR : Kentucky newspaper slams Mitch McConnell's Obamacare doublespeak  via
RT  : Lil Durk x OTF NuNu - OC >>> hard af
 aww thank you :) lmao but honestly this black magic is scary now . I can't
Calum Hood , Ashton Irwin , Luke Hemmings , Michael Clifford from 5SOS follow me so I can send you uncomfortable dm's haha 971
  : Eh ! Laylow on d beat , Lolz   "  : He gon lay low trust me "  : My bf is the
I should start drinkin henny with my hood niggas
IMMA SIP ALL UP ON MY LAST CAFFEINATED #4LOKO I STORED FROM B4 THA PURGE . FUK #BLOOMBERG #swag #muziq #squarepusher #Oprah
I LOVE LOVE LOVE my new macbook omg .
RT  : I keep telling u niggas ... lifting weights don't teach you how to fight . lol
Parmesean garlic \/ Louisiana rub FTW !!!
RT  : Why all the unloyal hoe bitches be screamin " these hoes ain't loyal " we talkin bout you blood .
 r u sure someone isn't stealing it ?! Lol
Bored chilln trying to find some to do havnt been on twitter in forever lol
dont expect your relationship to go far if you dont let your guard down
 naw , av heard its class though ! Johnny Knoxville's an absolute hero haha
 if you ever awnser the phone you woyld know and did you go download tamgo yet
NOT EVEN KIDDING WHEN KALI PULLS UP IN MY DRIVE WAY IM JUMPING ON HER THATS HOW MUCH IVE MISSED HER
Fucka Boo im bout tired of a Boo I need a Bae FrFr
Happy birthday brooo !!!!!.... wish u all d best .. may allah blessing u all the time ... glad for u ..
 Hiii how are you ? if u see this tweet folllow me pls ! means a lot to me , I LOVE U x30
RT  : U gotta strike out a few times to know what a good homerun feel like
 johnson elive * and no one says that anymore lmao ... anyways yeah i agree with you , and theres 4 of us . #goodluckyagonnaneedit
huhuhuhuhuh keep that postcard set and polaroid set away from my tlist ...........
Jeesh Miley went on an insta benge today #butiloveyou
  weddings in the summer in Aruba ofc u guys r my bridesmaids
I'm all late listening to Vato by Dj Mustard lol
I've voted for my favourite ! Vote for your favourite idea and win an amazing Nokia Lumia 1520 . #YourWishIsMyApp  25 .
U got something on yo mind nigga
HE IS ALMOST THWRE AND IM CRUING #ShawnTo1Mil OMG
RT  : wEED AINT EVEN A FUCKIN STRONG ASS DRUG WHY THE FUCK IS EVERYONE GETTING BUTTHURT OVER THIS L M A O
 I barely realise that it was showing whn it was in the 3rd qtr
Tay is my fav bc she loves me and my legs
RT  : When bae hasn't texted you all day .
RT  :  sameee heree !! Nigga she made it * drake voice *
I know cous ! U , corrina , gwyn etc are . Is mary and gwyn fighting ? coz of everything between kev , rob and lindsey
RT  : Best snapchat I've seen all day lmao ...
 lol - I'd love to see youngsters watching this , bet they're thinking wahat the fuck ! lol
RT  :  awks I thought it was cause I was on twitter and yeaa so awks bye felicia
 i used thot instead of thought cuz u no your place cuz #thot
  : Beliebers be like   WHAT THE HELDL IM CYING
RT  : Dear GMA , " hi " " im louis tomlinson from bad direction "
I'm at Glorietta -  ( Makati City , Metro Manila ) w\/ 13 others
 Omfg im a smiler and Arianator
 sir tackle all the problems in ur own way . dont bend for others . Be good to good . be bad to bad . u r a god . i becum mental onu
And on the radio this morning they were playing soml and talking about smoking wut r u doing
Lmao "  : One outright fool just came into my dm to ask me if the girl in my avi is my gf .... "
RT  : My pops such a real nigga breh
Only once in your life , U find someone who can completely turn your world around that person is U Rana Samaha #RanaSamahaOnCBC
YALL PEEP OUT THE NEW SHUGGA SHANE VIDEO ??? DIS SHIT IS DOPE ..... PEEP GAME THO ........
RT  : RT to pass this chicken leg around . Niggas broke but we all finna eat
Give me FaceTime girl stoopp playing
RT  : Late invite "  : Chillaxing at iya-oke's place , abeokuta street , ogba !!! Free to join me and my niggas . "
 lol that's not a selfie . But it's pretty awesome tho
 ehhhh dont judge a person by their forehead ah oops HAHAHAHAHAHA
All the indirectness smh , but you a woman right lls I guess not
 do u still keep ur receipt on hand lol i have ur 390 receipt only
 oh hey solar . Maybe u shouldn't have been sending them to huntermoore lil sloot
  : Wer is this pik of me smoking sum1 tweet pik it to me ? X
  being given responsibility of chosing new tn bjp president says dinamalar
 ilysm justin please please follow me its my biggest dream bae x14
it feel like i aint went swimmin n like 2 or 3 years
ICYMI : Today in History : Beth Phoenix Makes Her WWE In-Ring Debut
RT  : I wonder what the janoskians big announcement is tonight ... Im so excited ....
Its sunny , which means I have to go outside with PEOPLE ! FUCK U CIVILISATION
Lol @ cody cuzz its true hahaha
RT  : Idk ... and idc either lmao but I guess we'll just wait and see when they come on stage :)
lol gey rides with homies .
If you a real nigga next time u get a cut put salt I . The wound or alcohol since u so real
Phone charging ... Thinkin bout unplugging it forreal
RT  : Make sure ppl are who they appear to be before u decide to fall for em
RT  : I wonder what woulda happened if I never learnt the drums
Seriously aint with this shit nomore .
RT  : Lil homies a real G
Happy Campaigning New Year from UKIP - A New Year message from UKIP Leader Nigel Farage looks back at 2012 ...
 cross fit uce . get fit fast lol
Feelin bad abt the weather coz i cnt wear ma new dress
 pls do it for pitbull
  PLEASE NIALL CAN I HAVE ONE OF YOUR TEAM NIALL JACKET PLEASE . IM REALLY COLD HAHA . FOLLOW ME IF YES PLEASE . IM BEGGING YOU
 Yesss lord and don't my old sugar mama on the side and thats the notorious mama see
RT  :  cuz eti how would you say you missed someone in Tumbuka " naku zyewa " ? (\/ \)
This True Life im watching make me really not trust niggas at all .
CASSILLAS STOP FUCK WID ME GOAAL UTE
RT  : Capt amrinder singh to me : priyanka too should brought in .. it shldnt be seen as admission of rahul's failure
goodmorning !!! here at  ' s house .. :)))
 can you help to confirm the David Luiz impending transfer to PSG pls ?
RT  : Looch doesn't have to kill Weise next year now . He just got destroyed #NHL15Bergeron
 baby ava game so strong ur too pretty omg im crying
I just commented : Ibaka dont look hurt in the Sneakers App
neikeiishav : My heart where are u , i can go out now ! \/ hehe , let's go to the beach . Lol , happy me it
RT  : and haterz .... i love u too . ;)
no u dont cause u will wake up at 9am for sure .
RT  : Lil homies a real G
Ooh ikno it is lol
 umm rite by the corner lol theres a bball court . No one is here tho
 It doesnt have the same meaning as gentille
My shooters got guns & they soundin like dog whistles !! OXY x L.O.B Mafia ft . UptownKye by Shizz G  on #SoundCloud
 he won the champions league why wouldnt he be really happy ? Lol
I'm a kpop fangirl . My oppa is the best . Your argument is invalid . #fangirlquote
RT  : I can finally be retweeted n shit .
 It's not about the moves though homie , you gotta remember that . Pokemon has always been about stats and EV points . Fact homie .
Imma tell ya how I talk to him everything baee
RT  : Manny Pacquiao is real af for this
I'm so excited to see Andreina and Eliezer !!
RT  : Dressin room shenanigans ! With harrystyles
RT  : #zouispassmethatblunt " Zayn and louis " GUESS WHO DOSENT TAKE MANAGEMENTS SHIT ANYMORE
RT  : #ThisIsThem I DDNT KNOW THEY WILL SING WHAT THE FUX
 you like em cause you're a stoner . everythings amusing to you
RT  :  whenever u scream i laugh hard xD
Ughh Idk y I'm fuckn HOT ! When I'm layin here naked
don't u ever for a second get to thinkin ... ur irreplaceable
Im back on these mf all yall can smd
marty is a g haha
 I don't think it's true idk for sure it makes no sense bc I think jazzys bday is in a couple days but apparently Selena's there 2
RT  :   lol we missed u guys on Saturday me and Jacks were so funny and no one got us hahaha
  : Zuma ' s cabinet is not bad at all .  i concur sir RT
wtf is prev tweet been trying to figure this out for about a year
HOLY FU K LIAM SCARED ME
RT  : RT my previous tweet and I will follow you back . Lol jk I wont .
I give no fucks wat someone has to say about another mf cuz alot ya got bad blood .. Str8 hate runnin thru ya
 yesss it is . Come to me ! Lol
RT  : Imma start telling myself my own secrets cuz I can't trust anyone be me
 LIKE SRLSY NADA IM SO MAD
RT  : u know I'll be savin my love for u
RT  : this nigga gives 0 fucks lol look at the computer screen
 wtf we need a pic B
 I feel stupid coz im Arabic and dont know why people do that lol :\/
All these thots goin wild , givin headd on the vents
 bitch better be jokin , or imma flip the table
I'm tired of seeing LSU face Fck .
 Greyson , can u follow me ? :) x20
 jai please follow me babe , thats my dream :( 8
RT  : Idk who I hate more guys or girls lol
Love talking life\/leadership\/and ministry with Pastor B . Keep rockin it in Iowa bro !
 thanks man . Hmu if u ever need a ride lol
 i can see that actually HAHAHA wheres your internship gonna be at ? Wah means you can see me often already hahahaha
my body feels so jank right_now its despicable
RT  :  leroy a thot nigga
Juss hold on we goin home
RT  : It's so wet you'd think Zac Efron came to town
Oh okay then ... bt d insight is too much fr an outsider maybe RT  :  Yh dats a dearth case unlike da godfather ...!
Clary wat r u doin stahp
RT  : because fuck u thats why
AYATO FUCKING THROWING YUI INTO A POOL WAS TOO FUCKING HILARIOUS FOR ME . I COULDNT STOP LAUGHING .
RT  : who voted for ukip i will hunt u down and kick ur stupid , racist ass
 you're late .. woh to maine khaa liya !
Pepe loves weird chavvy men but hates old ladies and children . Weiiiiird
RT  : niggas with vape pens so ugly
RT  : Rt for an indirect ( I'll @ u ) Free bc im bored
 ok , u fisrt on  please
my issue with America isnt the fact that theyre wealthy , but the fact that theyre bullies , think theyre perfect , and LIE so much
Mfs on IG got me messed up lmaooo frfr
HAHAHA my grandparents think ill be in range for a walkietalkie #nawson #fiveoverthelimit #seeyouatthehotel
 will alwayz be my gurl
You go krillin . Yiu fight them bad guys little dude #CoolersRevenge
RT  : this is the most badass picture of tyler and josh ive ever seen im like getting chills
 OMG Ashton tell me what you got tattooed ?!?!? PLEASEEE
5 second of summer will be my fav singer after this . haha
STOP COMMENTING GEEZ WTF PPL AT LIVESTREAM ARE SO EFFING ANNOYING
RT  : It takes me 20 mins to get out of bed every day lmao
 lol ima still think bout it
 Assalamualaikum , thanks for the following , babe . nice meet u . :)
Conseal dont feel .. dont let them know ..
#MLRT - She wants the D Again huh lol
 HI JAZZY CAN YA PLS FOLLOW ME ? ILYSM 19
RT  : Key up his IG 6 year shinee ^__^ #6YearsWithSHINee
 hi grae followback us please : ** 5
 I LUFF U GYO MARRI MI
 Will you come back to southamerica soon ? te amo #AskKendallSchmidt
 Its so cute n sexy awesome guy , very yummy dick n damn mantabs body , i love it .
someone snapchat me or suhin
 #LizardLickTowing  i know ur all roostered up but i aint feelin ur cockadoodledo #teamamy #teamron #licklife
 u are mad lol
 im pretty sure everything is stronger than me tbh
 #Blended coming out TODAY !!!! OMG ! Queen B gonna SLAYY !!! -4
Somewhere theres a chick that has had several niggas kids on her and received no towel ...
Balotelli : " I'm more mature than my age " xD
i aint tryna talk .. if it aint bae it aint getting my attention tonight .
RT  : Tired Of Playing W . These Young Minded Ass Niggas ..
 alr bet imma call u when I head back east
Sally doesn't realized his avi is making him as Chode Chomper
 Realtlk ready to get off .. been hea since 5 45
RT  : " Just sittin in the studio tryna get to you baby "
Conservatives 12005 , UKIP second with 8619 in European elections in Warwick and Leamington ! Lib Dems down to fifth place !
Iggy has a great arse and all but that's about it tbh
i don't like , bcs they r so popular n from big agency
RT  : "  : tbh ima just act the way oomf acts towards me then he can tell me if he likes it "
  da fuq idk I think we should do an appt bc it's 3 of us
RT  : HARRY U BETTER PLAY SRSLY OHMYGOD THIS BOY IS2G
RT  : RAISE UR HANDS IF UR AGAINST TV5 AND GMA BC THEYRE GAGOS #GMAANDTV5ARETRASH #BiggestLiesGMA
RT  : I wonder what woulda happened if I never learnt the drums
 sleeve :) I'll come lol need to book some hours ha x
U . O . E . N . O dawwg
Lls can't have my niggas fallin short to bitches like dat , nah neva dat
 ight Ima see if fam will swoop youu
LMAO MT  : Fucking Jews . Always throwg their holocaust privilg in ppls faces . Sum1 shld just put them all in camps n .. o w8
RT  : When their is no toilets available lol :p Calum is a resourceful man
  : Rasheeda and Erica the REALEST females on Love & hip hop ATL !  RFT
one of the tatts im gettin
  :  I know right ? Just so emosh you see .  So much pyaar
 do u have r's ? I dont see it saved in here :(
 naw a nigga representin ... Bangin , set trippin ... It is what it is !!!
RT  :  Lls na you know you be flexin em
Lool jz one small thng ! ;) "  : "  :  you abi .. !! * snaps fingers " bebe oku , loooooool , what did I do nne ? "
 or u can just wear a condom and u don't have to worry about pullin out
RT  : when u in public with bae & u see another girl look at him
How long will I love u \/\/ Ellie Goulding
like dont hate kagepro but i just dont care about it so seeing it everywhere is annoying
#Press Nakheel awards AED 1.2 bn construction contract for Nakheel Mall : Property developer Nakheel said on Tue ...
Mxm giving out money u don't have ! Hai ! Worst or best feeling ??
RT ' : " ' : ' is stunning in this  " thx Celine ! Happy Friday !
 hahah mere texted me this and she's like " they're outside calling your name "
 ' : Hahahah ya im not a drinker anymore  LIES
Waitin to watch Xmen - days of the future past .. :)
Its better than starving bruh " ' : Wht if I tell u ur certificate will only put food on ur table ? And not make u really Rich "
[ OFFICIAL ] 140525 SHINee Official Site Update Special Message from Onew #6YearsWithSHINee
 Boyfriend : Gale Best friend : Frodo From : London Who you are Katniss Everdeen
RT ' : 1 #movies with actor Presly Chapa for buy and direct download online , Netflix
RT ' : #filipinoimagines fav : let's take a selfie on your phone you : cherry mobile lang bh3 e
RT ' : Yao Ming assembling group of Chinese investors to make a bid on Ros Angeres Crippers .
Shes dead ... no shes not ... is she ? I dont know Geoff !!! ' #Corrie #skysports
 ya moms was sweatin me the otha day lol
Wine pon it , bruk it off ! Do di 630 , bend yuh back and touch yuh toe .
 #5 : Apple MA254LL\/A , 60W MagSafe Power Adapter ( for MacBook and 13-inch MacBook Pro ) Ap ...
 ' no i dont follow back accounts that i wont speak to , as you can tell , i only follow back phan or atl accounts sorry
 I've heard , but I would like to try it for myself before passing final judgement lol
Chisaki was my fav but then Miuna got Awesomer
RT ' There has not been a player under 20 as good as WAYNEROONEY since I became a manager here in 1996 . -- FABIO CAPELLO MUFC
 that sounds pretty nice tbf . But seriously ... Where you gettin it ?!
New LOVE MEI 0.6 mm Ultra Thin Metal Bumper Case for HTC One Max T6 #7 $9.50
Branford , CT Coastal Wx Data at 10:00 overcast - mist OutdoorTemp - 56.1 F Hum97 pct Avg Windspeed 0.0 mph - E
RT ' : my family doesn't even know I do a shit ton if meth HAHA
## Kaos cupcake , orenjy , dll . Idr 45rb . Cek ' . Reseller welcome . Pin : 2A98EEBC
 #4 : GoPro Flat + Curved Adhesive Mounts GoPro Flat + Curved Adhesive Mountsby GoPro155% ...
#Albert_Stanlie INF : Gwyneth Paltrow : Celebs Facing ' Dehumanizing ' Web Comments Almost Like Soldiers in War : T ...
So Kanye is now officially a Kardashian ?? This couple is is just nonsense LOL
RT ' : ' Ive been writing down facts about me , just incase I forget ' michael clifford
RT ' :laughing_out_louday makalahlwe nyan " ' : Is she sleeps with her mouth open #LahlaLonto "
A bird really shat on me as I was about to tweet smh
Brassard is back centering for Pouliot and Zuccarello , Miller joins fourth line with Boyle\/Dorsett , D . Moore centering Nash\/Kreider #NYR
RT ' : zayn & louis is still a worldwide trend ? guys just let it go ffs im pretty sure we all tired of this issue
 hell yea ., I might watch u watchin doe
 & nigga wat u do wit the 2nd blunt u had rolled Saturday ?? We never smoked it
 dont speak in english i'm panic you know what i mean ;) hahahaha
RT ' : Shailene Woodley drawing love
RT ' : camikum . openfollow for rp ye baru balik dr long hiatus > < retweet jsy
 thankyou man , I need to ask around to see if anyones seen it I really need it back x
Acesse o Wings of Tech :
RT ' : I got money my bitch bad my niggas loyal n I associate wit real niggas .. I'm da real MVP !!!
Lmao nigga was selling a walker , only on 125th
Sawtell Temperature 68.9 c , Wind SSW 4 knots , Rain 0.0 mm , Humidity 62% , Dewpoint 55.3
Boutta ice my achilles again before i go to slp
1D famly gone wild here he is STILL A CUPCAKE #PAYZERISBACK Niall and Selena Zayn & Louis #CutForZouis '
 We have this love\/hate relationship hahahaha ( x
He looks like some bad boy wtf wtf wtf wtf wtf wtf I didn't ask for this
Robertson v . State of Indiana , 5\/28\/14 : a successful Batson challenge !
Narendra Modi`s Cabinet : List likely to be sent to President today : With stage set for Narendra Modi`s swearin ...
Epson WorkForce 845 Wireless All-in-One Color Inkjet Printer , Copier , Scanner , Fax , iOS\/Tablet\/Smartphone\/AirPrint C
Come o ... Is it dat God has left us & d church 4 facebook ? hav u noticed how people now bring all dia prolems ,...
RT ' : zayn enjoying the roller coaster that is life :) x #zouispassmethatblunt
Ewa man gd ni akong utok maka think ug things oi bullshit
 something tells me you're subtweeting creekview ?
RT ' : Jelena is a bitchlaughing_out_loud.
 nope i searched bangtan during pre-deb because of baromxkookie resemblance l o l
 yh but there are opinions n being biased
 u bout to get TURNT up again ??? Lol
 haha yeah you're tellin me ! Like yay sex but no sex bc that's the devil . ( It's a Christian wedding ) #jesus #praise
The Offspring - Want You Bad :  Venga le digo ...
 if you woulda gave me a ticket i woulda !
Tweets about d cryme ?
since year 3 my crush on ashanti aint left lmao '
maN heNNy will chaNge yo whole fucciN life cuh !!!
im so hungry but idk what i wanna eat
 (( it's really boring tbh .laughing_out_loud. they also put on some jokes but it is still corny . lmao ))
 #4 : Ambi Pur 3Volution Plug In Device Device Only Ambi Pur 3Volution Plug In Device Dev ...
Kearny Garage Door Kearny , NJ 10% Discounts on All type of Garage Door  Kearny Garage Doors & Openers #coupon
Check out Guilty Crown 1x figure strap color colle Shu Ouma Inori Gai Ayase Tsugumi NEW  via eBay
[ BOT ] Minho laughs loudest from All SHINee members , and Taemin is the quietest
RT ' : Unfollow me please " ' : Y'all think SpongeBob ever beats Gary ? "
UAN : Well dressed , acts cute TMH : Wears punk clothes , acts dorky WWA : Badass clothes , dick grabbing , hip thrusting #WMAOneDirection
Now Playing : Capital Cities - Safe And Sound ( Markus Schulz vs . Grube & Hovsepian Remix )
RT ' : CHANYEOL SUHO SEHUN from tonyselznick ins
RT ' : Be careful you don't ' comment ' ' like ' ' retweet ' ' repost ' and ' selfie ' your life away .
Whenever you Trynna go to game stop today Lmk '
RT ' :  Beasiswa utk BASSIST di Musicians Institute HOLLYWOOD USA :D
RT ' : #EP2014 - France Ifop projection : FN 25% UMP 20.6% PS 14.2% UDI-MoDem 10.4% EELV 9.3% FdG 6%
RT ' : Playing with Lego's when I got home from school > watching Dragonball Z
RT ' : THIS IS INHUMANE ZAYN MALIK IS NOT A HUMAN HE IS ZAYN MALIK
And again .... Gnocchi cakes with broccoli rabe . Eating vegetarian at work today . '@ Eataly NYC
Wtf is Wesley's icon I mean I know what it is but wtf
RT ' : Half a million in my duffel bag ! Now I'm Ridin in my duramax .
 OMG CAN I JUST SAY YOUR ICON ONE YOURE PRETTY AND YOUR SHIRT I WANT I WANT
RT ' : when u accidentally open a convo you were avoiding
Nicki Minaj - High School ft . Lil Wayne
We are 2-2 third map and matty goes afk lul
RT ' : [ FANTAKEN ] 140518 ZELO '@ LOE Taiwan ( c . Cherry Blossom | Do Not Edit )
 final tmr and we never had ams or hw so how much we get in this is the total we get ever ..
RT ' : I don't get involved with people still obsessed w their exs
LOL bc everyone in our group chat heard loud music near all our houses & thought there were a ton of ragers but really it was just SMF ....
RT ' : Nengok wayeee ('@ Golden Screen Cinemas ( GSC ) - ' w\/ ' ' )
RT ' : Best On Screen Chemistry To Klaroline . Cuz klaus will be her last
im adding this in for all the pepl how like jack the killr
RT ' : Watford have agreed to sign Tottenham and Brazil goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes on a one-year contract on 1 July #watfordfc #thfc
 i dont know where she lives lol
my bday ish already next week o.o !
RT ' : Rafa Nadal is now 60-1 at Roland Garros lifetime . ' Nuff said . #Legend #RG14
Love those two . ( Not a fan of Junie B . however . )
 ' :  ' : Ima put teamchill on my back " Too late I already got it broham " we all eatin
invite me . 7cec2ffe " ' : ' aku gnti pin saiki fer . "
RT ' : " who's your favourite model ? " " justin bieber " " but he's a sin ... " " I SAID JUSTIN BIEBER "
RT ' : YOU CAN GET " Good Girls " if you pre order the album USA , Canada and Mexico :)  YAY ! Xo
RT ' : H-1 JakCloth summer fest 5th anniversary 28 mei - 1 juni 2014 parkir timur senayan ....
RT ' : our lil craic is in the hospital can we take a moment #prayfortheo
Did you know Asheville used to be called Morristown and it 1797 it was renamed " Asheville " after North Carolina Governor Samuel Ashe ?
 blueberry ** donut , don't ever get the name wrong on our blueberry friend lol
RT ' : Xmen days of future past is definitley in my top ten movies #sogoodallaround #amustsee
Taha ko Allah pochey ga .. Zardari ke pics bhejta hae yeh machar :-P
 can u follow me pls ? Ilysm x2
 I CANF DO IT UNTIL I GET HOME I HOPE THERE ARE TIX LEFT WHEN I GET HOME
 ctfu why that make u laugh
 You should make a playlist of all the 500 Miles mashup :
RT ' : The Baskin Robbins ice cream soda has as much sugar as 10 Fudgesicles .
 It would be like falling over in a Tesco , Tesco shutting down & Asda taking over the property , then suing Asda for it 2yrs later ..
 reall ,.. Wats goin on wit da whip ,? U gettin another one
RT ' : ariana always takes the most gorgeous selfies , so jealous of her
 not Anita lmap
RT ' : Is Madhu Kishwar managing Kiran Bedi's twitter account or is it the other way around !
so damn proud to serve as Orali BBG #1798's chapter Mazkirah this term !
I have so much respect for hijabis , trying one on made me realise so much
RT ' : Everybody !!! I present you .. LUHAN ABS !! * RIP Luhan Stan . v . adorexonly -Y-
Intense cardio tomorrow nazak breathing shall make a return
 ty ive been trying this since 12:45laughing_out_loudagain ty #HerHealth
The Rolling Stone Kembali Gelar Tur Pasca Kematian L'Wren Scott  #MUSIC
This is what happens when your an adult with your own money at a Dave n busters lol
im gonna vote for shakira no matter what #WMAShakira
 ok im in the car , just waitin for you b
Gettin real jaunty this morning w chocolate blueberry protein pancakes #sitonmydick
the way cory sticks w\/ lea & d way the casts always steps forward at d end of dont stop believing makes me sad af okay
I'm at Austerlitz Golf Resort ( Slavkov u Brna , Czech Republic )
Fuck sia i at home keep practice then look at ms kelly face i jiu cannnot liao sia T T__T T
Aww safe flight ' ' ' can't catch u guys today mybe later when ull depart back to Kor . Have fun
pls pls pls like no why would you even start this trend there is no need for it #cutforzouis
RT ' : Marquinhos ' agent is in advanced talks with Barcelona , and a deal for the PSG defender looks close . ( Source : Globo )
Avi in contemplation of imovie - so versus transplantation avi en route to imovie\/imovie'08\/imovie'09 ? : FqAUWH
 im online if you ened to talk about it during or after
 pls babe can u pick me ? x5
Segar mata aku dey why icant do anything abt chemist essay aigooo
RT ' : Dressin room shenanigans ! With harrystyles
 mah brotha ! Dottie's on Sarno on Friday ! Congrats youngin !
 ' ' ' ' ' KESIP QM JUUDH MA Q :(
 ' ' ' ' how can v expect Zee to b fair when its Head is seen in BJP campaigns .
 whatchu tryn do .. DM me fam
Rangera hearts hibs Falkirk etc wonder whos next to come back up
RT ' : when u mad at bae
RT ' : that was a dope fight #NoLies RT ' : Sasuke and Itachi Vs Kabuto
Upload success !!! Apink - Mr. Chu ( Dance Practice ) HD ' done !
Handing out the jaggery for my wada special at #AlchemyFestival on the Southbank
You ain't fuckin you ain't suckin , what chu doin hoe ??
 #9 : Loctite 1405603 0.85 -Ounce Plastic Syringe Epoxy Extra Time Gel Loctite 1405603 0.8 ...
 yeh but still that's wild lol
Dick in Janice , Im poppin xanax and speakin spanish .
UCSB I fear the next rampage will b cuz media told us everything #ElliotRodger ever diid . to get ratings . #tcot #NotOneMore #KnifeSense
RT ' : ' ' ' not even gays are gonna look to u LMAO
 ' ' card in 5 mins is with wh but this was the game so far bklaughing_out_loudbut how to find who the ref is
 haha oh okk ! Yeaah , they've been dating for a while now !! They seem crazy cute !!!
Samsung working on Oculus Rift-like VR headsets for Galaxy devices : Report - Firstpost
RT ' : best snapchat I've seen all day lmfao
Legends indeed RT ' : Feela sistah Spoken Word Collective ............ #LegendsOfSAPoetry
ThisNewsSoccer : Adam Lallana Pilih Tottenham Hotspur Ketimbang Liverpool  #ThisIsFootball_ID
Enter to #WIN a prize pack of LINDOR truffles and LINDOR sticks ( ARCV $52 ) from Lindt & ' ! #giveaway
 #Joy " ... #suffering is the result of an aggressive mind . " . Pema Chodron
RT ' : WE R DOIN A FUCKEN MOVIE WITH LIONSGATE HOW DID WE EVEN GET HERE FROM BARKING ON A TRAIN BAHAHAHAHA
Lol . Don't act cute here pls
RT ' : Idek why I bother ... Smh
RT ' : [ HQ ] 140526 Xiumin , Luhan '@ MBC Idol Futsal Championship ( cr . shade of the bloom )
 Ayy skiperooo wassup cuz what u mean by Marlton ?
RT ' : Sean , Darragh and I , in croke park ! Unbelievable weekend !
 umm I thought that convo was pretty funny soooooo
Stop be so fucken gay you three aint nobody got time for that ' ' '
RT ' : " ' : Life is better when we're making zikir . Subhanallah . Alhamdulillah . Lailahaillallah . Allahuakhbar . "
 aww bet u cant wait now havin drove Samuel
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's Wedding : What Brody Jenner is Doing ... - ABC News : Kim Kardashian and ...  #Wedding
Im starting to believe that im way to much for you
NBA Rumors : Tom Thibodeau Would Only Leave Bulls For Knicks Coaching Job - Lakers Nation
RT ' : I AINT EVEN MAD .. IM JUST
RT ' : #openfollow kpopers all fandom . rt\/retweet yah x )
RT ' : Idk . But I know for damn sure I ain driving her nowhere lmao
Eagles ready for Dzeko , Messi , Aguero- Ambrose -
 oh you finished msgeslaughing_out_loudhw much you chat ha ! :P
 hehehe , okay aku member snsd seohyun namanya , line 91 :D
I'm bored out of my mind and I'm not sopposed to be on here LOL
With your beleive , u must receive , soo don't be deceived , with God , all things are possible . #HapibufdeDAMOOZ
Doin hoodrat shit with my friends
 ' congress ke tlave chatnewale modi is not a pygmy he is a lion nehru chacha kay the ye hame ma sikhao
 resellers probably , haha tryin to squash the competition and get more pairs .
RT ' : After the exam when everyones discussing answers & u wrote nothing similar
wait i thought wixoss was only gonna be 12 eps wtf
 i know . Im thinking im finna walk back outside and shit
Is it just me or it's REALLY fucking hot !? Merde alors !!!!
THE FUCKING VIDEO OF ZAYN AND LOUIS SMOKING IM LAYGHING MY ASS OFF HAHA
RT ' : hey GMA , broadcasting the zouis video won't make you a better network k bye -zel
RT ' : Best snapchat I've seen all day lmao ...
 : ' O .. me has herido ..
 idk how to do ttc it's so confusing (??)
Kim Kardashian & Kanye West are husband and wife !  #KimyeWedding
BGT results I'm gunna guess bars and melody and that violin girl goes through
RT ' : okay ima gonna watch this movie so I dont cry cause im not British and I cant see them today
Migos x add it up
 foi lives there , but it's all about manubar laa !
RT ' : LUHAN KAI CHEN CHANYEOL * laugh together
 you wouldnt know because i dont tell you hahahahs
RT ' : #openfollow for all kpopers , rp , just retweet juseyoo . janji follback !
 Tunde i do hope those old Bros and NKOTB tapes still play ;)
 : Herbalife All Variant Hrg Diskon Murah&Asli Shake 203rb BB 2655280C\/081513980331  #1
 hahaaa .!! You probs didn't even realise there was anything wrong with it hahaa .!! Xxx
Goodmorning ! ^^ Let this oppar light up our day !! :)))
#CHI #jobs | Home Care Nurse - RN Registered Nurse \/ LPN at PSA Healthcare ( Aurora , IL ): 60503 Abo .. = ...
 ' ' and yes ik thats a quote from the movie lol
RT ' : when someone feeling u but u ain't feelin them
BI , EKO , GEO , MATHS:') hahahaha please be a good result .
Who woulda thought something came good outta bmore greek lol
RT ' : when im mad at someone but then they ask if im hungry
 ' lmaoo thats the way to be
Fck goin to somebody yard I wanna go to a BBQ right on the block
 u also tweeting but not replying nigga HAHA
Adrii dnt miss a opportunity lolll
RT ' : HC says it will consider Kejriwal's plea and that he should file personal bond in the interim . Arvind agreed-Prashant Bhushan
Omg alice is the best ! without her I wouldve been failed history
Told my dad dont need to talk to other parents casue i not close to their child HAHAHHAHAHAHAH
 how about the lack of respect to people when he claims kreider incident = prust incident
 im reg hehe ntmy lix !! how old r u btw ?
RT ' : zouis getting high when meanwhile niall and harry are
I'd you retweet from giveaway accounts you're a dumbass
RT ' : retweet if ur a lil bit ugly
RT ' : thats why I fucked yo bitch you bitch ass nigga !
 im manager for 20+ teams i dont keep track of the names
lmfao do u remember when harry got grounded for saying ' pussy ' on live national tv
 I'll try and use it in the news tomorrow ! Haha x
RT ' : ' im out of sight .. im out of mind , i'll do it all for you in timeee
Kai - 140512 Incheon Airport , arrival from Shanghai - ...
fakin spors , lirel sssit of tim , fak of .
 JACOB I STG IM GOING TO UNFOLLOW YOU IF YOU FONT FOLLOW ME BACK
RT ' : HU DAT HU DAT I G G Y
RT ' : another gain tweet in 5 mins get stalking or u miss it
1000an folower katanya ( only copy paste for security ) . www.goo.gl\/kCA7xU nice dech
Report : Arsenal's Chuks Aneke attracts interest  #afc #arsenal
RT ' : #BolanetHighlights  - Australia 1-1 Afrika Selatan | Share with your friends
 ' ' vibrant colour - nice !! X
#5 : ASUS P8B75-M\/CSM LGA 1155 Intel B75 HDMI SATA 6Gb\/s USB 3.0 Micro ATX Intel Motherboard : ASUS P8B75-M\/CSM LGA 1155 Intel B75 HDMI ...
RT ' : im feelin like malcom in the middle lol
 ' ' there is a saying ... khisiyani billi khambha noche .
btfol lmfaoo now dat was a good laugh
Charly the Vet : Toad Rescue launches on iOS and Android devices
My mom just asked If boys at my school shave their armpits ... umm wut ?
 it was crazy brulaughing_out_loud.
 ' ' for me bollywood is Aamir khan , ranbir , ranveer and Alia ... that's it
RT ' : ' hai homeroom fauzi mat ali
 modi in one stroke grounded all jnu morons by inviting chaiwaala of jnu who s to phd holder from jnu
He said who tryin to baby sit tho ???? Yea he chewed my sandallaughing_out_loud
junhong is my life .. noone cab take his place ... i ' m always love him and B . A . P .. my favaroite no 1 group ....
Iight imma grab my chill nd go back home now lol
This nigga kylee needs English lessons
RT ' : ' if anything come with me n my mom lol
RT ' : Leaving the beach Getty at Jaron crib hmu
 ' Josh get the gorilla glue we gon fix this for our boi Paul .
RT ' : Will Eminem or Pharrell ever age !? I swear this nigga Pharrell 98 . Dude out here looking like he 25 .
Hamilton more naturally talented than Rosberg - Lauda  #motorsport #f1 #news
Hitsss ('@ fun world malioboro mall )
 Gutted for you lads . Do they not do a wildcard ? X
RT ' : BRUH CHIEF KEEF DOG A SAVAGE LMAOO lil nigga be gettin high and He can stand on 2 paws
 * Jonny sighed and sat down in the nurses station , watching Jac discreetly *
 ' BECAUSE YOU CANT WEAR BRAS TO SLEEP SO SAVES THE TIME TJAT U TAKE OFF SHIRT TO WEAR BRA THEN PUT BAVK
 ' Thats wassup follow a fellow bay nigga workin hard to get out
WTF MY DAD IS MEAN ASF
 ooops spelt it wrong in my other tweet lol
RT ' : I ain't takin chances bruh tf is that
RT ' : 2,000,000 views | Nicki Minaj - Pills N Potions ( Audio )
 nahh I don't have a tumblr
RT ' : Unfollowed people in relationships on IG .... No love for love
RT ' : ' alrightt ill get chuu them
RT ' : Desain Kamar Anak Modern - Kids Room Design Ideas
 ' follow me asshat y
 SO SORRY . becos of me u kanna say by a " HARDCORE INSPIRIT " ...
i dont think nobody on wtf
RT ' : IPL should be renamed IFL . Indian fixing league .
I'm with my bff at home and we are tweeting evryboddy so be my friendlaughing_out_loud:-)
RT ' : " ' : make ' hajiya ur caller tunez on MTN asap " thats whats up Text 703547 to 4100
Tomorrow gon b a long ass day for me I have sooo much to take care of
WHTA I LIEK ABOUT YOU YAAAAS
 u follow me alreadylaughing_out_loudand I follow you
to com fome : c
Tell yo bitch to roll up somethin and shell ride for you mayne "
 idk but it's obviously more interesting that printing the ' i'm single ' onelaughing_out_loudwithout K it's not as interesting :(
Mddff , tha fact that gio funeral on my birthday smhh
FREE DONUT AT KRISPY KREME I WOULD LIKE TO THANK THE PATRIARCHY
no more milk for robin arryn !!! XD #GoT
Why is Chris Bosh taking the GW shot ? Haha
Nic u high or nah ?
im sorry fire and water dnt mix so mean your dismissed
RT ' : This lil bitch got some potential she blow me like swishers & pistols
 ' : Zayn onstage at Croke Park in Dublin , Ireland . ( 05\/23\/14 ) #18
RT ' : [ HQ ] 140523 Baekhyun '@ EXO FROM . EXO PLANET #1 - THE LOST PLANET ( cr . foxbaek )
#6 : Security Fix Clasp for Garmin Vivofit Band , dont Lose Your Garmin ! : Security Fix Clasp for Garmin Vivofit ...
 Thankyou very much :-) x
 ' !!! I saw her with the OMG Girlz in ATL . She had that good black ( You know , the type that don't crack ! ) .
Oomf is such a boring texted
 can you please follow me niall ? It would mean the world to me , ily x 78
 hahaha x question ... Do you know a Paul Ryan ?
RT ' : i be runnin ' around gettin ' high off love .
RT ' : #openfolllow for yaoi rp esp suju
That old wayne .. come back ! Tha carter V gonna have to hit !
inditex is such a beutiful company . we need more than zara !
Disney store Stitch Plushie c :
lol im still in my bed
 ' Yup .. her 1st hundread .. :D :D .. & she ws vry happy earnng it :D #MissionSapne #DrashtiOnMissionSapne
the pink girl is named miwako ........ TT w TT thats too reminiscent of mikako thats killing me
RT ' : see you in busan .laughing_out_loud
RT ' : rt for an indirect or something idk c : ( mbf )
RT ' : #ChileWaitsForTeenTop #WeWantHIGHKICKinChile #Krowdpop ' ' ' ' Y AGREGADO DE RICKY <3 .
Awh no my memories with tash , tiz and Lauren will always be with me #childhoodmemories
 im not a ghost pmsl
 wondering when tashay goin make my food doe #kill My hommie slackin
RT ' : THE SONG IS PERFECT FOR DEMI { Song : Little by Little - Tich }
At the airport omw up outtahere .... yesssssss !!! #Rise ' :)
RT ' : #openfollow for rp jfb tepatin 3
So high That commenting ala bla heare n there :P
If ur not getting ur dick wet to the point u need to go out and kill bitches I'm Prayin for u
PLS DONT UNFOLLOW IK I CANT BE ON MUCH LATELY BUT IM TRYING . I REALLY WANT MY BDAY GOAL OF 2K BY JUNE 15 TOO SO HELP ME AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE
 ' ' ' Can we start with LaPierre on that psych eval ?
Snapchat , the app that changed your eye colour
I have yet to turn up this summer so tonights bout to get crunk . Uoeno
 so u havent picked ur major yet ?
He saved that for his fap folder js
Damn I Gota be up early to go to Hollister before I go to the picnic
RT ' : " from x factor .... " IM EMOTIONAL
All I want is success , yall can keep the fame n popularity
RT ' : holiday hwk coming in already omfg
RT ' : This is Fire ! ' - Martha Moxley ( R . I . P . )  via '
RT ' : #Thailand - RT ' : Patong Beach , Phuket
 hahahah first time here . Prices are the same as back home . Im so happy .
 still can haha
Doin ' It - LL Cool J  " Old School Rap Channel "
im so pissed im not hungry ... that doesn't happen
RT ' : New Music : Waka Flocka - Turn Down For What ( Remix ) |
RT ' : wen ur at a restaurant nd u c ur food comin
RT ' : Gong Hyo Jin and Lee Jin Wook confirmed to be in a relationship
07:25 AM Temp : 69.1 F Dewpoint : 64.7 F Wind : 0.0 mph S  Today's Rain : 0.00 in .
RT ' : Smokin ' on that purp
2 weeks and i can finally see my favourite people in the world im gONNA CRY
 wah Gwan ... I didn't know that lol
Learn about Forex Tax with this Forex Ebook
Ful get off that girl page nigga . Damn
RT ' : Nothin ' says " Merica " like a grocery store display tank made entirely out of beer . Merica .
Yo my own gf hasnt even told me happy bday '
Security Awareness Seminar . Sana dto na lang OJT . Anlamig e .
Im a Re-Event the Lunchable n make it to Cater Adults with more Shit in the Boxlaughing_out_loud... Join the Movement
Soon as yall bitches smoke weed yall get horny
RT ' : Perks of dating me : What bae Wants Bae gets .
 ' ' ' ' ' aw DS BDay big hug from Auntie Lu\/have great day
RT ' : NHL Dept . Player Safety knew Stepan was injured before setting phone hearing with Prust
 idk why but your avi just made me laugh really hard
RT ' : 2NE1 or SNSD Chanyeol : SNSD are my seniors so I'll vote for them EYY I KNOW YOU WERE LYING HAHAHH
nakakainis kasi i feel like i'm the ugliest fan ever
 ' hahaha good times good times lol
 Chanyeol : The stage without kris is making me confused and worried .  I FEEL U TTATT
RT ' : Lmao omg xiumin looks so sexy and his nipples are showing and kai covered him with his jacket LMAO
 vision 2010 tuk mian sab to jaddhah , dont know where ll 2025 will take him but very certain about his place in 2047 . r u ?
RT ' : I keep telling u niggas ... lifting weights don't teach you how to fight .laughing_out_loud
Smh he's probably out being a thot somewhere
 ' ' nigga knows that's his condom too lol
RT ' : Got to love Xabi Alonso ..
 im dead ass ! aint no flexing over here straight up
cRiEs huhu i bet theyre seating on the chairs and singing solemnly hunh
RT ' : ' haha ... naahh ... dem go kwashee me
CERCO GOSSIP GIRL PER UN GDR
My lil Patna fuckn right here finna take a pic
 im always pb'ing so I had to figure out how to roll
I'm giving away : yugioh beast xyz deck . Check it out -  #listia
Zayn & Louis is trending omg
RT ' : Delhi Court orders Arvind Kejriwal's release from Tihar Jail #BreakingNow
Theory of Eternity \/ TAG \/ DDR X2 & jubeat knit APPEND
 ' ay madre santa , what is with the subconscious ??
 ur drunk calm down brolic ass lol
#6 : Titanfall - Xbox One : Titanfall - Xbox One by Electronic Arts Platform : Xbox One ( 777 ) Release Date : March ...
 I think its in Bondi Junction ? Unless there is a Pottery Barn in Paddington as well .
IM ACTUALLY FREAKING OUT MY MOM THINKS IM A WEIRDO
Get in ! I just guided EFC to 2nd place in Non-League B  ( full version )
 Bad boy ka ba ? hindi eh ikaw padin si wing wee the lovable and sweet boy HAHAHAHA #chicserstucksayomusicvideo
RT ' : ' Please open the link n then RT n Fav it , Thanks
RT ' : I got 22 imessages . Going to give it to 40 yo men . Jk
 that's well stupid ... what if people have busses and trains home :\/ x
 #2 : Proctor Silex K2070YA Electric Kettle , 1-Liter Proctor Silex K2070YA Electric Kettl ...
RT ' : No new Niggas . Fuck Yall !
RT ' : first things first im the realestt
Sabang Wreck : Guli Diving White Beach Puerto Galera .  #retweet
was thinking bwt going by cedrick house but I'm tired of driving
 meet Biz . He lives in Stapleford and is the Stapleford Community Group mascot .
Sativa during the day , Indica at night ...
 ' ' 2 each other n make a mockery of ourselves where foreigners n pakis sit n smile at them . Disgusting !
" ' : [ 6:45 PM ] AWOLOWO ROAD IKOYI G2G except for traffic light point '
' u saying u a hater ? R u waving ? lol
Omg Katy Perry favorited my tweet . Get off my page Katy , no collab for you
LISTEN HERE TUMBLR YOUR LINKS ARE MEAN AND KEEP TAKING ME TO PORN SITES STAHP IT
' State of Cornetto ( State of Grace ) #ChangeSongTitleToCornetto DISERIE R . LLEGUE 007
Stepdad already down the beach wit the spot ... im all late
' lovin life , very bored whilst driving hahaha , you enjoying this ?
pagi tadi \/\/ last day with '
RT ' : almost to 28k I'll do dm spree what do you think guyz :D x
' r u the real ron weasley orr ?
RT ' : Michael and Calum from 5sos onstage at Croke Park tonight
RT ' : Demi Lovato with fans in London - May 29th #30
' omg thankyou so much for the follow
' oh idk about any of that !! They just said congrats you won itlaughing_out_loud, lmk if u find out more !
RT ' : YOOO , CHILDRENS BOOKS GOTTA CHILLLL LMAOO
RT ' : Desain Lucu Kamar Anak - Smart and Cool Childrens Room Decor Ideas
Jasa Promosi Twitter , FB , BC BBM Paket R3 Nasional 110rb\/2bln PIN : 3296D8CC - WA : 02519801277  |
' ' thats how you win lmao your lost
' Ohh kira average RM50 each la . Takpe2 . Now all we have to do is wait . Haha :D
RT ' : this nigga is unstoppable bruh
Jam 9 maen futsal ?? okee no problem !
' i knew it . text me anytime . okeh okeh ? :)
' Look like you're enjoying that cookie a lot James !! Haha xD
' that sophomore shit i aint wid it
' sese know I love them legs of hers
' don't give up vlado your man of the match goood job vlado
Lol ... 26  ' : ' Jesus Christ . Why did u make that so difficult ? """
 ' Tracey got that tea ..laughing_out_loudidk what she's doing
Hala madrid .... heart attack all d way !!!
VIDEO : Kefee - Celebrate ft . YQ & LKT
 call it soixante neuf and it will add the required level of eroticism to ignore that corn hole ! haha #SixtyNineNotSoFine
Luke hemmings from 5SOS is so cutee
Tryin to decide if I should have in n out 2night or 2moro but then again idk why I'm trying to make a decision when I kno I'll go both times
D . O FANSITES ? WHERE ? I NEED YOU
RT ' : Iggy aint all that
RT ' : What would win out of Derek and Geoff ? RT for #Derek Fav for Geoff
RT ' : #HQ Zayn on stage at Croke Park - 23.05.2014 #38
RT ' : CBM youngins baby shouts out 2 coc we made it came from nunthing blood
Unstoppable fanboy shoots flames like X-Men's Pyro
 #ExcitedForREDTourCornetto JommyMateo , I believe that ' made this forme tosee TaylorSwift on RedTour 802
Download superb free psd website templates and other psd freebies at
30 seconds board game makes u see that actually pple who thot they knw it all are DOM !
Zaroorat Song is a brand new song of Ek Villain movie get here the Zaroorat Song HD Video , Zaroorat Song ...
niall com a bandeira da Irlanda , eu to na merda #YOUDIDITNIALL
 Could u DM Calum to follow ' . Her acc got hacked & the hacker blocked Cal . She needs to get her Calum follow back
cant be wit no nigga that wanna party evrry night
Monaco Grand Prix 2014 : Lewis Hamilton aims to emulate his idol Ayrton Senna | via '
 ' : Tbh snapchat with the opposite sex is inevitable flirting .
Let ppl live their lives and b happy leave them alone
 like , I'd make " distribute PSN codes on Amazon " a checkbox during submission .
RT ' : Ito pala , I tried this livestream link na . :)  #BagongGinebra
I took a screenshot of u falling asleep and im crying bc beautiful
RT ' : Facts : Jordan and Merve stay flexin for twitter . thats why they both got me blocked .
Tao & Suho's selca on IG are damn illegal !!
RT ' : Waitin on bae to fuck with me like ..
lmaoo Westbrook got issues yo .
RT ' : if we actually nominated lisa as female hottie she would be hella mad omg
 ' oh yes or going round and knocking , or asking for your mates landline lol
IM OFF THIS DOPE .. IM ALL HIGH
RT ' : This guy has over 500 selfies like this on his Instagram lmao
 How exciting , hav u seen pic of him\/her ?
RT ' : #WernerHerzog's mesmerizing experimental doc FATA MORGANA , playing tomorrow & Saturday !
 ' DUDEEEEEE !!!!!!! Are u serious ? At least refund y 50k lock in bet -.-
RT ' : PRONTO A LA VENTA , LLEVATE 2X1 #zouispassmethatblunt
Toni Henslee lmfao Nickie Cooper would probably enjoy this a bit to much hahahahaha
when Ppl ask " have you ever been attracted to girls ? " seriously which girl hasn't been ?? Don't ask questions u already kno the answer to !
RT ' : #WoDinBhiQareebHe Jab mere bhi 6 Packs honge :D Haha
RT ' : Some BTS from Quen's new TVC !! #MirabellaBreakingDaisy '  RTed
 ' So moist mandem are makig up fake words wow
Norman Rockwell painting of Red Sox locker room sold for $22.5 m .
RT ' : Desain Kamar Cewek Cakep - Smart Amazing Girl Teen Room Ideas
We Are One ( Ole Ola ) [ The Official 2014 FIFA World Cup Song ] ( Olodum Mix ... :  via '
RT ' : CARINA CUANDO DIJO * SI TODO PIOLA CHE * AY ME FALTA EL AIRE CHICOS
RT ' : when u mad at bae
Ok I have to ask ..... wtf is Bae ?
Call me an asshole Idgaf . I guarantee ive done way more for someone than your hypocritical ass .
Junoon Tere Ishq Ka Qabool Hai Song Mp3 Download  :
Lukkk I miss my ipad certain ppl dun fix it eva since n I cnt gt it bk yt '
Yes ' #IndonesiaKitaBisaa yes or no : lagi nonton tv ?
Bruh Tarik Camdal feel really eager to play with Gonul
 Feel This Moment by Pitbull featuring Christina Aguilera
Ariana Grande - Problem ft . Iggy Azalea cover by Carson Lueders :  via '
 Of dilara of :D d
This thot said she loyal SMH IM OUT
 ' I'm done Kash . niggas just be too disrespectful .
O Gigante is out !
 omg hi big fan x x
 thx for the follow- u look like u have a good time !
 LOLOL u dw this bag fosure
RT ' : Ewwwwwwww lost all my respect for oomf man lol
Lowkey fancy by iggy bumps
Oomf could still get it . Idc ! Idc !
RT ' : ' really all they know about is nike like really nigga do u work out at school sure dont look like . damn
#NowPlaying Mentiras by Los Amigos Invisibles from the Commercial album
#8 : Kipling Women's Alezia S SO Shoulder Bag  Kipling Women's Alezia S SO Shoulder BagKi ...
the maknaes always dont looks like one
US ship finds hull of missing yacht : The hull of the missing yacht Cheeki Rafiki has been found in the North Atlantic ocean , the US C ...
Tonight on News Cafe , we travel to Ilocos Norte for a delectable mind brew with Governor Imee Marcos .
Viendo The Transformers I , II y III :) #mexicali
 ahaha fair play , I hate being the first one to go and idk why
Yes I hate 2 admit but I m-Damn scandalous Obama administration ' just smilin & Beguilin goin n 2 holiday !
 Ah , didja ..? Sorry fer disappearin ' like that ..
Bouta keep this thing off my finger today or prolly just the splint on
I am so dulling with football news , garri , iyan and my mum's ogufe soup .. I dey go back naija abeg !
quero ir no show do the fray , one republic , 5 seconds of summer , lana , jake bugg , ariana grande , arctic monkeys , bruno mars , e assim vai
Do follow my favourite actress Instagram ' . Ig : SongjihyoOfficial . Monday couple fighting ! :)
 I've never visited a dentist :( Bohat buri haalat hai teeth ki
OH SEHUNlaughing_out_loudYES YES JONGIN JUST HIT HIM WITH YOUR MIC LMAO
 ofcourse do u have any doubts Abdullah read the first PM of JK till he was jailed by mrs gandhi
 what's the p wif the weddn I'm sure the married couple aren't analyzin all of dat ! Free em all abeg
RT ' : [ PIC ] With MBC Twitter Update- Luhan and Xiumin - MBC Futsal Championship
RT ' : hahaha if u think any of my tweets are about youlaughing_out_loud... don't get gassed up ... you're irrelevant
#bbcsportsday Josimar for Brazil v Northern Ireland in 1986 , big Pat Jennings never stood a chance .
RT ' : This Season : Ronaldo > Messi Bale > Neymar Madrid > Barca
Pochettino in talks with Tottenham : Southampton boss Mauricio Pochettino is in advanced talks with ...  #paedobritain
WTF ?! TIGNAN NYO NA SABI NA NGA BA EH
 ' lmao I sing like a strangled cat lmao ! Xxx
1 daily unfollower . Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick - via
RT ' : NIALL STOP DOING THE DOUGIE
 ' : Is it bad to have 2 #oomfs ?laughing_out_loud <---- Thot logic
Lol I just like to fw people God blessed me wit the ability to put smiles on faces
Patti Labelle Arrested After Fist Fight with Aretha Franklin =>
 ' will you wear a cowboy hat and yell YEE HAWW for me ?
RT ' : please get chanyeol away from luhan
VIDEO : Misteri Perceraian Catherine Wilson
 u honestly hdve no idea . Van gaal is away with holland a there is nothing going on
fuck amberlaughing_out_loudshe my girl but still fuck her hahaha
Passing out . Ima sleep talk to you tomorroww
When someone ruins your selfie . Morc Margan ( inspired by Brandon Calvillo ) #selfie #jasonvoorhees
RT ' : Normally , ballboys take care of tennis players . Novak Djokovic flipped the script at Roland Garros .
really RT ' : This nigga old ashell fucking wit 3 graders ctfu
Chai I know the formula #Adaobi ' boss you killed it ... Grt tune again ...
RT ' : Oreo Donut and Oreo Milkshake . YOLO - You Obviously Love Oreos :
 ' wat krib yu at tizz
Nama band bang ali sama kak kevin the chodot
LSN Lead System Hangout 16th May LSN Lead System Launch
RT ' : The shoot is from L'officiel Hommes Paris Spring 2014  Wtt '
 We all want Karan Shilpa back on TV . ' Sir , plz bring them ' in a new show .
I remember when I had this gigantic crush on Edward ohMYGOSH LOL
NP ' ' #DaNewKool u dnt know bout the hard times
RT ' : I CANT RISK ITB " ' : OMG OPEN THIS  "
 nothing why prin x
RT ' : this is my favourite picture of ian mckellen ever
Lang & Ambleside MRT Incident Report #36 2014 : Sun , 25 ...  #TheScafellTimes
 for wat ? Bothering u ? Aww dont mention it
 aight , imma draw it on ya back wit a dry erase marker . Then if u like it you can just get it traced . Deal ? Lol
 o no prob '@ all bby
You know I'm not gon diss you on the internet , cause my mama taught me better than that
 I meant you should retweet my last favourite .
 ' ' no for 2 min kafi det tak follow kiya tha
Babymama finna make me mad
 that's sad that ur bobs burnt :( come on over dave n jo won't mind a naked soph
Afiq !!!! Omaigod !!!! * melting lg . Mmg cm mats hummels
 ' : ' ' Ikr Matt's accent is so strong wtf  right im like ' um .. google time . '
RT ' : Ikutan yuk lunch with Rafael SMASH at Makassar ... Fasilitas ? more info ' Makasihh =) #hugs
 #9 : Talisman Designs Cherry Chomper Cherry Pitter Talisman Designs Cherry Chomper Cherr ...
Its only the 28th rn but happy bday manami ill draw u naked when all these ppl leave
She gone fuck cus she know we them niggas
RT ' : no text back .... but u tweetin '
 dont get smart with me . you aint with quels mom anymore ill do some things
Ohhhh just a mommy selfie ! Au naturel ! ;)
ACABO DE ESPIAR POR WHATSAPP A MI AMIGA CON ESTA WEB  FUNCIONA !!
Im done gettin steak from chipotle
 ' ' ( I tell u what to do cuz I'm your mother )
 huy maytag classmates ta uy hahahahaha hmm
RT ' : [ HQ ] 140524 Sehun - EXO from Exoplanet #1 - The Lost Planet Concert ( cr : windy day )
 ' : buy some foods then  pidbaeky : " 97doubles_m i dont have money wks
Allen Heckard sued former basketball star Michael Jordan for looking like him . : GistReel Heckard , from Portlan ...
COMING UP : Ace summer songs from The Fresh Prince , Avicii , Bananarama , Shapeshifters , Grease movie and loads more !
 #1 : Stagg Foldable Stand for Violin Stagg Foldable Stand for Violinby Stagg(19)Buy new : ...
RT ' : Desain Interior Rumah Nyaman - Lovely and Colorful Mid-Century Modern House
 yaayyy i missed u caren
Happy birthday ' : * Alam na this ha ! Hahaha . Stay pretty and mabait ! Wag atitoda dahil poksa ka samin . Haha love yew !
RT ' : Amber is mn aller aller beste vriendinnetjee ! ly x
me and one a mi dwg guh buy food and we see this fatty and dis likkle stringaz and dem did have dis smoothie and mi fren guh shout a wah dat
Llls nigga said I pose to wear 990's n the summer llls ctfu TF LLLS CTFU
Charice Pempengco joins Lea Salonga and others in After the Storm benefit concert for Haiyan victims in the #Philippines
Tak suka nak cakap ni . But i'm think i will really leaving yuolls .
 hahaha when i get bored of kpop i always back to ss , just to refresh my mind and back again to the cruel fangirl world .
RT ' : Check yo unfollows u ignorant bitch " ' : once i hit her with tht dick , she dont know how to act "
 OHH ok , then i guess itd have 2 be pompo ....... but him n sasuke arent very alike at all ....?
These hoes be on fb tlkin bout ppl not having morals ... btch didn't u JUST find out who your child's father was ?????? Smh #thenerve
RT ' : Delhi : Narendra Modi takes oath as the 15th Prime Minister of India
RT ' : That girl love a kee kee ..
Easterling named finalist for Brett Tomko Award and semifinalist for Josh Willingham MVP
 to sleep already Christian xD
and zayn looks hella hot smoking it sorrynotsorry
 that I'm getting a meal plan bra
 LMAOO , im not really btl tho . no flex , squad is tho .
Girl you kno you sexy in a turnt way
Kung Fu in the park : Matthew Lui Kung Fu- There will be an outdoor Kung Fu class at 6:00 pm this Thursday at ...
RT ' : rt another gain tweet in 5 mins get stalking or u miss it
 be patient and give it a few days hunny . * pats back *
RT ' : IM GOXUNG RO FRICKIN JUMP OIT MY WINDOW I HATE CRAMPS
RT ' : ' haaaaaabibiiiiiiii rod thaaaaaaaaank u for makin me happppy , adore uuu mwaah
RT ' : Is it just me or Axel Torres reminds me of Enchong Deelaughing_out_loud. #Aquino &AbundaTonight
I left you some :) make me a tea please ! haha . x
RT ' : ha = mildly amusing haha = quite funny HAHA = i am actually laughing HAJA = i am doing karate
 I knw tht pirate gona win the black labl cup as usual
whispers why are perf accs suddenly following me
RT ' : ' we gon plan a trip when u get back
RT ' : ' u need this shirtlaughing_out_loud
Hala Madrid , PA COJONES LOS NUESTROS #FinalChampions
 ' Chey I thought you alone ! Like that nvm Liao ! Haresh we leave them alone !
 , I just seen somebody going off on Instagram
 Congrats to Beni ! It's a lead yeah ? And GWtW is a classic according to zuka standards xD . Happy for you n ur fc !!
Ich habe ein ' -Video positiv bewertet :  Guy crazy on bath salts on the side of the road WTF Videos
Nicki Minaj - " Pills N Potions " Lyric Video
Who wanna go to kd tomorrow hmu
Bitxh we dnt wanna hear your sob stories
 ' Sheehan made a couple JoJo tweets last night . Not quite sure Viz is getting it .
I keep accidentally favoriting tweets because of my thumb position . Ive cheapened the sacred meaning of favoriting .
 ' haha J . hoe is how I prefer to call her :)
 CAN U KISS ME PLS AMD THANK
 Same Girl  x R . Kelly & Usher is really an A1 song though lol
Omg my moms friends getting a lil frisky :\/\/\/
I added a video to a ' playlist  Wiz Khalifa ( ' ) - My Nigz
 yeah i understand what u mean im like that 2
Omg I Was So Turnt Last Night . I'm Talking About It Was Loud & Goose Everywhere .
Bon Iver - Bruised Orange ( John Prine Cover ) vinyl :
RT ' : I DEMAND DRUNK EXO SELCAS
RT ' : Jongin cut Suho's cake by himself and he ate it alone hahahahaha
 guess so ... When u come back ?
 YAY YAY AND YES IM SO HAPPY
Got a second monitor , realized I need a DVI instead of a VGA cable . Derp .
Distracted by the trm retreat grp chat omg
 maybe he indirectly offer to pay it for you ? Idk .. dont you realise we just talked abt this on Sunday and then it came true ??
RT ' : #OPENFOLLOW FOR K-POPERS eps . EXOSTAN ONLY :)) . Help Retweet\/RT jfb .
#bfdelections results for Little Horton Ward . Is Naveeda Ikram of Labour with 3297 votes !!!
 without brass , carcillo , step .. Krides Moore Nash\/ stlouis rich hags\/ pouliot miller zuc\/ Dorset Boyle fast ??? Possiblity ??
 yesung .. he will probably throw his intense stare at my mumlaughing_out_loud.
 like the youtubers will be hosts or smth :-(
running preparty errands with baes ' '
woke up to ukip , gove and Ben Shepard on my telly #goodmorningbritain
RT ' : Idc whose car it is , Idc whose money , guys ... never let your girl pump her own gas ... so childish smh
Pimp C feat . Lil Keke - Knocking Doors Down ( Dave Luxe Old Schoolish Fix ) by DAVE LUXE  on #SoundCloud
 " Family , look at your dad . He's Gosu . Give this dad a hashtag . "
Cannes 2014 : Abhishek joins Aishwarya at amFAR Gala
RT ' : ' hell me either that's wat i get for cutting people off fa dis nigga im finna recruit tho
RT ' : Desain Lucu Kamar Anak - Chic and Cool Childrens Room Decor Ideas
 AH WELL I THOUGHT U WERE JUST BEING SADO lsdhaljd my bad then
 lmao u cheated on gyu ' . Whoever gets married with him is the luckiest girl ever
Ronaldo world best !!! If odawise speak 2 d gods
 ' How's Paul tonight make sure I get back before u do mind lol
Chiraq slackin . How has this nggr Dez not been faded yet ?
mocha frapp & blue berry chs cake lately .. okay sweets pa more tas asthma hahaha
I should av a fren in kgn
 If 3M+ LTU Americans were incorporated , #RenewUI would fly through the house as a jobs bill and EUC would b tax free .
My head not look like potatoe My fingre not look like penus
Dumbfuck clark calls my mom saying i didnt go school yesterday .... Cant wait till im out of this shit
Wow Pia Mia is my thinspo
55- you talk to me on here but not at school smh !laughing_out_loudlet's hang out sometime ?
RT ' : when im mad at someone but then they ask if im hungry
RT ' : BARKADA : " On the way na ako ! " ( After 15 minutes ) " On the way na talaga ako ! ""
RT ' : Offering in Chiang Mai Thailand - Please Retweet
 I've got fic recs if you want them .....
 bibigyan daw tayo ng scholarship after interview
Modeligo's Marguerita McCarthy is named as a sub for Limerick in Tomorrow's Munster Senior Camogie Final V Cork at Charleville . 6pm throw in
 i know it was ... thats why I said keep it that way . The kissy faces just aint right from ulaughing_out_loud.
V . e . r . m i.n.e mdrr
RT ' : You xant tell niggas shit .
RT ' : Thankyou for 13k ! RT for a shoutout FAV to be followed Doing all tonight . :)
RT ' : I havnt dyed my hair in like 5 years haha '
GahDamn Bitch , Makeup Will NOT Fix That Facee .
ragara ketularan a rizal aku jd suka lagu i don't wanna miss a thing ' ._.
 i hear you yu knw betta to cross mine tho
 omg I tagged the wrong dan ! Hahha omg I'm sorry thats embarrassing
RT ' : LittleMonsters Whatsapp Group ! on the #littlemonsters ' community
RT ' : fuckin garbage . Lebron was 3-52805 & they only won by 3
RT ' : During Mr mr sooyoung and hyo did the couple dance together at the side soooo cute
Im cold , get in that thang
lol Ikr , they need prayer ! '
 you buggin ' try the red flavor
 he's a fuckin turd ur gucci homie
RT ' : " ' :laughing_out_loud. Epic . RT ' : Lmao WTF " ' : One Man's Khloe is another Man's Kim . "
RT ' : Kroos confirms to BILD that he has turned down Man United :
 Love RED . Fly Red . #TaylorSwiftviaAirAsia PLEASE PICK ME ! We'll surely fly to MNL with AirAsia ! Pleaseee ! VIP TIX :\/ 60
 ' : Oh Sehun T^T you simply just dont do this to me T^T
bri where u at gurl
 it's just a pool party popping ya know a must attend event
RT ' : best snapchat I've seen all day lmfao
 well shit . hahaha well good luck today ! hehehe HUGS
If ' comment on my picture again sayin I look like lil durk ima take a pic with dude to prove we don't
 weren't u at chechi last yesterday
but baro should rest ): he played the whole day from the futsal competition then running man filming .
I swear me and my brothas arent as good at bein sketchy and getting away with it like all these bitches tho . Hahahahah !
prolly be on time fuh dat ... RT ' : what you do for a klondike ? or 2 dikes that look christina milian like ...
OLOGY TV - Isaiah's Dirty Bday Sesh ( May 21 , 2014 )  via '
Enter the CAA Member Experience Contest for a chance to win a trip to the 2014 GoPro Indy Grand Prix in Sonoma
When this nigga gon fuck wimme on some free zaxbys ?
UAE healthcare set for rapid growth - Zawya ( registration ): UAE healthcare set for rapid growthZawya ( registra ...
idek why im eating rn ...
RT ' : First look 2 : Sidharth Malhotra and Shraddha Kapoor in Galliyan from #EkVillain
Red Sox Desperate for a Win as Jake Peavy Takes on David Price .. RedSox MLB
Alluring Fate\/Extra Saber Figure : Legendary warrioress Saber of RPG spinoff Fate\/Extra looks likely to bedazzle ...
RT ' : Manny Pacquiao is real af for this
 aawww nowt wrong with tgat x
 u goin to Gates ?
 youre tellin me ): when do u usually go out ?
 Im not joking about the new overlay im pumped about you getting #1
Simple plan " summer paradice " is comeing
 ' : Chanyeol and Chen last night Baekhyun must be there to complete the beagle linelaughing_out_loud
thats why you dont play lux support
 ' : Baekhyun : Idk there's a walking tree here in the Philippines Me : Gago si Mirabella lang yan
I liked a ' video from '  Pills N Potions- Nicki Minaj ( cover )
Palmiter cassy in FRANKLIN TN hired a local Videographer . Register FREE :  #Wedding #BrideToBe #Brides #BridesMaid
RT ' : Sixers better not make a dumb move and trade MCW smh
 ohhh lmao hk waste money since they coming here . Accommodations too ex not worth it
 naw im back home , and i couldn't get tickets cuz im gonna be moving to the US soon . what seats did you get ?
RT ' : I hope Amalina Jamali be strong :')
  was just wondering if it was just bad lyers that were considered scumbags lol
RT  : You have a beard aaand play futbol ? * faints *
RT  : Worksop South East . LABOUR . Deirdre Foley , 1071 votes . UKIP second with 393 . Tory 94 . Lib dems 50 .
OKC playin no games tonight
RT  : NEW VIDEO : RFM Nation - Pardon My Manners * Ft TrapGodwin Mc , Aranged & Lil Krum . )
 OMG YES . AFKLJFWSKLIKFAS . OMG KYLIE . U DA BEST .
im a star lol i dont give a fuuck !!! loll tag a friend follow for more #idgaf
 aww your welcome girl ILYSM xx
RT  :  lmao , i'm done not finna play w\/ these folks .
RT  : I Wanna Delete My Twitter But Then I Feel Like Ima Be Missin Something Lol
if this shit aint out by the time i get out the shower ima be salty as fuck #28grams
 JUST PULLED THROUGH FTW !! finally I can get on that NetFlix grind since im too blind to play right now . lmao
#samwilkinson follow me bae ' cuz I'm bored of being ignored fangirl Love you more than everything king  #29
 you can say that cuz ur married lol , I really thought he cared
Death penalty would b d verdict  Murder will b d case "  : I'm so gon kill jadeyyyy >_>"
 Pleeze have a VIP line ready at Clark Gregg after the SHIELD panel . for those of us who already have white tix bought . thanx !
Niggas say they prefer personality over looks , Have u ever masturbate using someone's personality ??
RT  : LMAO YALL NEVER CHILL
RT  : No ! I'm a strong independent woman who wont allow demam to take over my health * kepal penumbuk *
  Nigga I megged all y'all Thoe ! Not kole wasn't there
RT  :  yea n i wish we could get to see each other in sokor u know hahahaha
Dont nobody kiss it like u 
Tfios bye . If you want me kik me
RT  : Matt's a fuckin sneaky ass nigga smh
RT  : malem ... #openfollow for rp yg mau follback :) * gomawo
Dilan nobody needed a selfie you easily could've just said I'll donate too
This Nigga Doe Be Cuttin Up
anyways me & bff outtie this weekend , then gonna go get tiff tomorrow
 was you know ? Well its shit weather so im stuck in house lol you out ?
I Tell you what im thinking about how im feeling and stuff and You say I feels & say ill leave you alone . Gtfo my phone & i fucks wit u
 I wouldn't dare , Miami finna kill these niggas !
So me nd my bro Sandy Armyofone Wrice jst killed da closing shift , jst da two of us . Idk bout u bro but I'm tired ...
RT  : XOXO ep 3 : EXO Watching Akdong Musician ( AKMU ) Performance :  via
 dii , in those pics whom i was pointing ?? do u remember ?
RT  : over thinkin creates problems that werent even there in the first place
 Gunstar Heroes or Astro Boy , both on GBA .
THRSE VINES DONT ECEN SHOW THE BOYS BUT IM CEYINF
  : HK interview3 : which member comes 2 ur mind when u see this word : DANCE YH : 3 votes . JS 1 vote .
My life aint a virgin bc I fml way too much
   , yes d gullible and senseless ones lyk   and co
RT  : Bom as soon as she arrived : I can smell meat LMAO
RT  : Blue Moon by Veronika Pinke #Spring #serenity #CGE #Mystic
I'm at Xandy e Fran House ( Cachoeirinha , RS )
A wondrful celebration ... Tnk y'all 4 cumin
When You Down Bad Don't Nobody Try To Listen But Getta Lil Money Now Everybody Pay Attention
 : anything . everything . anykind of meat . and protein . ehehe .
+++  Hahaha .... The hottest place in hell is preserved for unfollowers
 omg yes hahaha about time somebody said it
What happens wen u cee a strange car parkd nd suddenly d driver starts to run ? U run faster dan him !!! Lol
Imma whip it right here in ya face Benihanna
listen to really don't care by demi lovato #np
LMAO OMM ION GIVA FUCK ABOUT NOBODIES FEELINGS I SAY WTF I WANT TO WHO TF I WANT SHIT UON LIKE IT DO SOME ABOUT IT ... #IDGAF
 Lol . Do u prefer Tejada ?
Ima request a lyft if my first ride is free
my " i tanak kacau you " means " we'll text later when you're free and not just balas sepatah sepatah je "
Hey ppl can u text me ur names cuz I got a new phone and lost all my contacts thx :)
rt for a shoutout fav for idk a tweet maybe ? :) free bc bored :)
 yessir and YUUH you already know boys gone link up fasho
Party\/kickback tonight ......... Im finally getting out of the house lol
RT  : when im mad at someone but then they ask if im hungry
RT  : Good at bein ' bad , bad at bein ' good
RT  : BREAKING : David Luiz has been spotted in Paris to finalise his deal .
exo first solo con - the lost planet ? more like -- PORN PLANET feat . Luhan\/ lol
 im a muslim and im proud of you beacause you are a muslim
1 daily follower . 0 unfollowers . Justunfollow doesn't miss a trick -via
Thanks 4 the teamwork tonight * hampir aja ketinggalan travel *
RT  : rt if zayn malik is your sunshine .
He likes to stare into other people's windows at night : Six things you didn't know about TBWA L . A . ' s Stephen Butler
 siva please REfollow  like u promised ily x2
You take good selfies . Can you make posole ? ;p
RT  : I wanna drop 28 Grams but they got me locced up . Soon as I get out , the tapes comin out . Fucc that .
 u would be goin crazy
 #beautycontweets #gobare #beautyconyc
SAME , IMU RT  : I_got_brain yes , u ?
But IM wrong thou lol smh
 well aint that the truth lol
Someone follow me 2 minutes later .. She unfollow me . Lol
RT  : Desain Lucu Kamar Anak - Smart and Cool Childrens Room Decor Ideas
Yesterday ! s H ! story , today ! s a Mystery . Happy nu week folkz stay BLESSED = -*
It could all be so simple ... now wtf am i eating ... lol
RT  : Seacrets look like Club Liv on Sunday
Who Want companyy ?? got the car laterr ( maybee )
And when I Get , you better know my niggas Got it too . Swear da lawd
 omg like that time on da taffy taff taff
Umm wth was mb_lee doing here ? #LosoGotJokes #TBT
I had a dream i went to SOS with my Babyy  xD lmfao idk why but i just remember us tweeting in there Cx
 cookout then passa thats what i did
RT  : ( Requested ) ~ Nath VS Jai ~ RT for Nathan Sykes , FAV for Jai Brooks .
 follow me Justin please :3 I Love u soo much !! :3 U are my BEST IDOL :3 x49
Young Scooter ft . Lil Phat x Been Thru So much
Sometimes I go to kiss cooper and we makeout . But it's okay ... He's my nigga
RT  : Bitches be likee " I'm mixed " Bitch .. with WHAT ? Black and nigga ?
RT  : Selamat  !!!! Juga  welcome to Indonesia music industry !!! God bless !
dont be mad cuz im doin ' me better than you doin ' you .
RT  :  &  sangin like it ain't nothin :
Gameday sunday ! ROS vs . Globalport . Let's go painters !
 yessir I'll message you in fb
 lol I really fwy boi lol
#desi , #porno , #ass , #pussy , #boobs , Puttin The X In Sexy
Think tht took everything off ma mind for tha night
RT  :   lool Iran and Bosnia are both good you know but ppl will chat shit
RT  : Omg , autocorrect ! For the millionth time , I don't hate all those birches ...
i know because she asked me before to draw her " vocaloid " and i was like ... dats not a vocaloid bye
RT  : Friend my BFF on kik : fallongrace19
Aint no nigga gone change his ways for nobody\/nothing
 lol they really should hahaha only old people can watch Fox News and be okay .
RT  :  hahaha he wanted to take me out to get a drink and apologize ... take tht apology and go fuck ya self ... lmao
oh wait i get it now haha cube literally changed the banner bc of yoseob
IM DYING LAUGHING BUT I LOVE ZIAM SO MUCH
  lol only because he in the HOF !
RT  : best snapchat I've seen all day lmfao
now you know kanye got it in for dick vitale ... hmmm . talents ?! lol ...
 didn ; t know you uploaded a new video cause i was making some assets XD no probs man , looking forward to your streams !
 ctfu you gon put her on fire for burning ya sneaks
IthiNK DiSS SHT ME AND  FiNNA . DROP UP DERE WIT GET BLOWED
I don't feel like spamming cam so ill just rt and unretweet lol
RT  : " LITTLE THEO'S FIRST ONE DIRECTION CONCERT TONIGHT " IM SCREAMIN
 Idk I had juss left but I guess some ppl was about to fight smh
but honestly get over it cuz it wasnt a big deal
RT  : [ PREVIEW ] 140523 EXO From EXOPLANET #1 Day 1 - Kai | cr : xscape -AN #LOSTPLANETinSEOUL
Seriously though , thers gona be 1 unlucky man whos putting in a shift n she croaks it #mygrannytheescort
RT  :      mddrrr msk askip tu tfais harceler etc merde bourbier :(
RT  : I only listen to tyga & wiz sorry guys oh and 92.1 lollol
 ill be there for jam's bday ! You going to dsm for bretts pool party next Saturday ?
RT  : so sweet sehun went to his alma matter school today hngg
Y'all nigga need to stop texting these niggas hoes on they direct message this what happened
RT  : when bae is mad at you , but u just wanna love them
 wag masyadong papansin tigil mo na kaka FLOODLIKES AT RETWEET
RT  : Fuc a friend I got some niggas that's gone buss for me
RT  :    idk never heard of northside do u mean northface ?
RT  : ZAYN SHOULD JUST FUCKING TALK MORE SERIUSLY HES SO SWEET
 lol I must be jord then haha
Shoutout to ma naughty lovely frnd and swthat and wahalagrl and and and and HBD to u dear  bigger u girlfrnd .
 i might end up dozing off in class if i dont get much sleep tho HAHAHA =)))
 Haha u r not . I unnerstand . Im awake too .... I just am not sleepy
 idk what u were doing during that dance but I had fun lmao
RT  : Happy birthday King Eric Cantona . Please do the kungfu kick once again :))
     lol i was playing lol kesmoot my girllll
and then my MPK breaks ... Namaste
I got bitches on my dick an niggaz wanna hate me ? Haha iiiiight
RT  : ( 35 ) Louis esta noche en Sunderland #1DA
RT  : im struggling to finish this year lol , my grades are fine but im so tired of school
RT  : My heart been hurtin lately buh ion fw da doctors das dead
RT  : Zinedine Zidane was never caught offside in his whole career .
 oh okay ahha i didnt know which one it was hahaahah
LIL JON && Pandora right now >> and if you dont like my quotes BITCH UNFOLLOW ME CAUSE THEY COMING !!!!
Aww justin is so cuteee
 Yes I saw her make that snarky comment . Some ppl need to grow up .
Headache and lala is not replying :\/ waha wth
  found them in smos basement ... Not sure about Sammi tho
I bee geeked upp of the bags all week week week .
RT  : Desain Kamar Cowok Cool - Soft and Calm Boy Teen Bedroom Design Style
Need full fancam of RicMin Ment on 2d day , i need to see Eric's blurry face while dancing This Love ... XD
omg this girl gotta kik me asap
Wtf Happened To The " Imma Fall Back " Me ?!!
Ray Allen that nigga forreal !!!
RT  : Press statement issued by Shazia Illmi after quitting Aam Aadmi Party .
CVS Memorial Day lmao credits to ifunny
 her dreams holds Versace . She fall for Armani , only deal w rich niggas . Fuck you & mick Romney .
RT  : I Phone 5 S gold , kau ade ??
RT  : .  YA DAUGHTER GOT KIK BRUH ?
I get to see Xmen Thursday omg I could cry I'm so excited cus I know that movie is everything I expected and more .
You should stfu and leave the bitchin to the bitchessssss
 wait&see .... he's gonna tweet a link to some wierd song that only he gets !!! LOL
RT  : if you didnt see my snapchat of Martin from after prom you missed out on a funny ass one lol
RT  : ESTE JOVEN ES MI IDOLO
RT  : RETWEET if you think Atletico Madrid will win
 who caught yo eye Bruh lol
RT  : im hungry but ive just had tea
goodluck ning you can do it ! #RoadToIM3Mobac #TyasDutaIM3   65
RT  : when u accidentally open a convo you were avoiding
 fuck all dat kissy face shit where my plate lol
RT  : Jia and Fei take a selca with Luhan and Tao omg ;~; and Luhan pose never change #LOSTPLANETinSEOUL
naruto 677 is is short and i dont know ...
dont miss this one !! comin in hottttt !!
These Mom Selfie Fails Will make u lol !!
I think ima look for another job ima have so many time on my hands
 I'm just tryna be like you Shawty
RT  : When the person sittin beside u is chewin loud af
Naw WAIT . IM FUCKING CRYING . WHERR THE WINDOW GINA ?! WHERE THE WINDOW ?!
RT  : [ Ticker ] Merkel : Van Rompuy to negotiate ' in cooperation ' with Juncker -
RT  :  bump this new #PRIMO shxt fammy
RT  : okc gotta get this w tonight
RT  : #Exclusive preview of the new Ermenegildo Zegna Couture FW14 ADV campaign featuring Sam Riley
 you better be workin out lil nigga
RT  : Limites Harry Styles Limites
 im starting wanna make a patty lol
shouldnt be this lazy . myb because of mcd lol
if you're gonna cheat at least make sure she's hottter than your gf lmao .
Hate pocket textin shit lol
  RIP to the No1 Gomora boy ... robala ka kgotso bra Shakes ! What a loss !
These bitchs and niggas don't know
where the fck is Batts ??..... #LUFC #MOT #Batts #Davidbatty
You Aint Shxt lol RT  :  lol yes
 she's is from Danity Kane lol
SOME GIRL IS MOANING AND LISTENING TO THE WEEKND IN THE WASHROOM !?!!!!!?? WUT R U DOING PLS LEAVE EWW
 Yea his night job , but do tht we jus b coolin
Flex ain't da way u do it fuck nigga
RT  : Now !  on  with cinta Slow Motion ! Bagi yg suka juwita , please RT ! #InboxCSM
 thnx mehn appreciate the review . Im not even sure yet will have to sort it out after ig .
  if u cn pay o_O
 lol I bet mascato was better before u raped an kill him
RT  :  ok i will jk and why u want to die
RT  : yes im at carters party yes im still outside
Females think they playa cuz they fuckin more than 1 nigga no bitch u a hoe thot ass
 u ain't gotcha fone yet
RT  : JUNMEN WENT TO CHANYEOL TO MAKE SURE HE DOESNT Cry and tao rubbed rhe back of chanyeol's head
 lol sometimes there's a reason maybe not done yet lol
Ms. Johnson's dogs are hella cute omg
RT  : HARRY'S STORY ABOUT HOWNIALL ACHIEVED HIS DREAMS IM CRYING , OG
RT  : Padis MOA with Ate Dalen :) Thanks to everyone who came tonight !!!
Only thots and thot supplicants work at Staples .
RT  : 140525 Super Junior-M Zhoumi (@\/ zhoumi_419 ) Twitter update with Tao & Luhan
Im just tryna love on youu
 is so fuckin hilarious ... she's you know .... ' IIGHT ' or whatevahh .
Took me 17 minutes to drive down N Santa Cruz , sooo I blasted iggy the entire wayy . ;)
PLEASEE BAM HAS GOT TO THROUGH !
IG IMA c her afta practice
 alright man sounds good ! Get that mula bruh
 im prolly gonna tear it up tomorrow after work lol ahhh i got you . Yea i was looking for one then this came up and couldnt miss it
   ari i been chillen you ? Better being good
Said I'm going to da beach , She talm bout don't be Thottin . Lmao
Some of yall niggas a trip .
BYYEEE ! the Last of Shuggiee heree , fr fr !
RT  : #openfollow for rp , ayo dong bantuin aku retweets dong ! ^_^
 I'd like y'all to play Nicki Minaj's ' Pills N Potions ' . :-)
RT  : Where is our next destination ?!? It's gotta be Kuala Lumpur !!! See u soon Blackjack Malaysia ! :) #AON #KualaLumpur #2NE1
RT  : #NEW of Niall at Croke Park tonight #38
 I would ve holla soooo hard
RT  : Usain Bolt : Cristiano Ronaldo is the best player in the world . It's always great to see him play .
RT  : A Heat championship is the highlight of some of you niggas lives and thats sad
RT  : #OPEN FOLLOW for RP retweet juseyo ^^
 ken said he wants to be close to kyungsoo  idk smbdy stop me
Can't Wait for goodwood now with all the girls going to be such a ballers night !
Omg live version of WMYB .
RT  : Kangeeeen kalian couple embem  n  ... cepetan inframe yaaak
I have fkn spacers between my back teeth gg
bueno : will u still snapchat me when i am no longer young and beautiful
RT  : That moment when you realise your favourite is everyone's favourite I chose the right one
RT  : retweet for a dm to luke leggings mbf (:
RT  : Ight cool .. But uh .. I'm goin to bed .
Watchin concerts in Comm Tech , then leavin :P
RT  : LIHPAR Magazine is NOw out read Onlne or get it as a Free ebook
 that's cuz u hav a galaxy
Aigner ,, Kombi Gold ( 3 , 5cm ) .. Ready ..!!! PM
RT \/ CAPEA EL DOUGH 2K14 \/ B-Melodiko  Juye !! APOYAME
 lmao a didn't at the time but looking back a defo do now haha ! #wanks
RT  : YKNOW CONSIDERIN HOW MUCH  IS PAYIN ME YOUD THINK THEYD LET ME HAVE AS MUCH TIME AS I WANT
 aise boring chehre se thnk u ?? Nhi chahiye :P
RT  : Kids from primary school that did this were fuckin devils i dont care
I love u nialler ! Plz follow me !  < 5512
Giving is the best communication :) Happy sunmor twiterland :)
Increasing number of women r taking up active & leading roles in Baloch nationalist movement . #SaveEducationInBalochistan
RT  :  :  na only u waka cum ??? " Noooo me and my Girl friend . " There x god ooooo
RT  : This lil nigga did 10 years in timeout
  : Now I know why this nigga Ne-Yo always wearin a hat
Whoever is Tryna call me or text me saying there " Alyssa " stfu and quit calling and texting me !
RT  : Bola tak bola . Solat tetap solat .
 Lol ! It'll be a while before that mayne !
Rockin n my area
RT  : best snapchat I've seen all day lmfao
LMFAOOO HAHA RT  : Marylanders heading back home from OC be like " I'm back in Maryland " . Pendejas
cmon Familia dont mess this up please
RT  : This Rain Got A Nigga Dnt Wanna Do Nun
RT  : I kinda wanna see how many tvders ship stelena RT IF U SHIP STELENA
RT  : Lol  cuss me out cause I didnt answer the phone today lol
**** IF YOURE A SNITCH PLEASE PLEASE UNFOLLOW ME *
have a safe journey mummy and daddy . I love u :) muah muahhh : *
At  -- So proud of  and everyone in the magic school ( aka the real hogwarts ) . All u guys r awesom ...
Bitches aint shit , hoes aint either , niggas gonna snitch watch the company you keepin '
 could you follow me pls ???????? i love u so much +147
RT  : LOOK AT LIAMS FACE OMFG AHAHA
I hope n request  2 set india tollfree anticorruption hotline wer common peoples grievances against corruption r heard n addrsd
RT  :   lmaooo Akua wat u do this time ?
come to me w that shit in person not over twitter babygirl
Lmao wtf is this thing ? Fucking cockroaches
RT  : i would like to sled on a potata chip down a mountains of puddin
URG SO PISSED . FML . SOMEONE HELP
im not happy at them moment , havent been for a while . But im still doin alright
RT  : When a friend comes over to share his love problem , I want to scream " Abey kya bigaada he maine tera ? "
RT  : Everybody Jst Pissin Me Off Today
RT  : #TheLostPlanetinSeoul fan events Day 1 : Exo Saranghae Day 2 : Exo Gomawo Day 3 : It's just the beginning
This dude's foreal settin guidelines in order for ME to get MY money back .
u really understand more about a person from his tumblr
Hey guys ! Klick here ! You want to meet Hardwell ? Klick here  #Hardwell #Hardultra2014 #Ultra2014
Britains got talent is soo shite this year
RT  : if you don't subtweet bae , bae is not bae
#tinksquad RT  :  send me info on how to book tink pls !
 Neva Cuz AFTA da first time I let u slide if I even think its gone happen again I'm dun .....
finna stay up watching gay romance movies & wishing i had oneee
RT  : Michael Gove is the ultimate bellend
RT  : Learn to let go of the ppl that don't mean u no good .
RT  : [ PREVIEW ] 140523 EXO From EXOPLANET #1 Day 1 - Sehun | cr : awesome sehunee -AN #LOSTPLANETinSEOUL
Lol "  : Im not even excited that I have dreads now "
HE WAS SERAING FOR HER ALLL ALONG
RT  : grace stfu u need a fucking pill up ur tight lil butthole
RT  : rt if u do'nt hav twiter
RT  : Y'all be gettin pictures off the Internet quit frontin
RT  : "  : #Openfollow for rp .. jan retweet gua gabisa liat .. quota ajee "
RT  : Baton Rouge showed love tonight !! Tune into Jimmy Kimmel if u got cable !! #Replay
I realise you like asshole treatment ... so imma give u what u like ... cunt * tyler voice
Use a fine motha fucka when you back that thang up
THE TENTH LA DECIMA HALA MADRID CHAMPIONSSSSSS
I'm listening to " I Luv This Shit " by August Alsina on Pandora  #pandora
Clearly i woke up in a real nigga bed lol he got me dying
#GoKingsGo we are in lead by a goal . #70pearson ftw we r ending this seris tonight
 remember you would always make orange peel art in sneeds class hahaha awh :')
nvr met a girl like her bfor
 #ReasonsWhyILoveREDCornetto they'll bring my idol  everytime i eat cornetto , chance meet her got bigger 842
 OMFG DM ME NOW I HAVE SOMETHING TO TELL YOI IM NOT KIDDIBG THIS IS IMPORTANT
RT  : I love the son Pretty Boy Swag :D lmfao . Blarin it in the car with my mom lmfao
Back to the DMV and to these bullshit ass niggas here who be so pressed to call bitches thots but stick they dick n everything moving . Ugh
RT  : "  : Can I have just ONE happy fckn moment gotdamn "
hahahah i missed this one lol
Rude Jude from Shade 45 xm puts Mayweather in his place hahahaha that's why you don't call an XM station if ...
  malta nasty but ya ass be drinking vodka straight fomd smfd kk ttyl
Do u guys still have sidechicks ?
Gucci Mane will forever be my favorite rapper , cuh really my idol lol
by our I mean , teh gayz
 was the homie when she was a nigga neighbor now I gets no love lol
RT  : New Music : Nicki Minaj - Pills N Potions |
 haha I'm trying to drink that for 2 days straight at GGC Fest bro . We need to kick it again soon last time was clownin
RT  : baby calum just went to sleep haha -lukey
Who doesn't love a bit of Ciara Noone
  Yupp !! Its a good move for Luiz IMO because JM didnt want him in his XI so good luck to him .
I look b4 inserting bruh "  : Do u look at the pussy before inserting , or u just slide in when making out ? "
RT  : If I Didnt Like You In Highschool Nine Times Out Of 10 I Still Dont Like You
Next time I get off the fone wit  nd he don't say love you bacc , all hell finna break loose on the third letter !
And tiz so funny d new name given 2 temple run ....
Hahahaha ... jimin ni ... comel la ... what thing rapmons cant live without it ... Jimin answer : JIMIN .. u are a " thing "
Lfc will be back in the champions league . U can make a comeback . Trust me u will be on top of your game
RT  :  don't taint my TL with her lol This is about Mishon
I'm just chillin . Your bitch is chillin too
I hate when females stare I kno I'm handsome but damn can I have my face back lol
RT  : "  : When gas hit $4.00  " Yabadabadoo ass hoopty
Lastnight was the first time ive ever been in a 3 story
but noW IM GONNA HAVE TO WORK ON SOUNDING LIKE DUB MAKO IN COSPLAY YELLS
 momma does the ACB happen next week and will u help me practice
sheduled tweet dapat yon ano ba
niggas on FaceTime with He She's lmfaooooo hell nah
 FOLLOW ME PLEASE ILYSM #YouAreBeautiful q
it is time for predebut howon let me take out my folder
  Ay too early naman . June 9 pa kami . Lol hahaha next week sana tayo mag Atc or District .
 I don't even know bruh I'm ja blown lol
RT  : [ PIC ] 140523 KOLON SPORT Twitter Update - Baekhyun Chanyeol & Chen
has to go work at mcdonalds fkn restaurant on the most beautiful day in the world ok
No one I know likes demetria so I can't rly get excited as much but oh well
Ion play all that . Dont hop in my mentions talm bout SHIT cause uon kno me cuzz .... keep it that way .
 I can't believe this got more retweets than the briar boys smh
RT  : " no to kpop " is trending Luhan :
Glad to help Rachel lol this is why I'm in the mechanic business lmao just for you lol lol
I dont fucc with nikki but she killed that verse in senile
Lebron and Paul George have nothin on WHS
RT  : NIALL YELLED AT HARRY FOR BEING A BALLERINA IM LAUGHING HARDER THAN I SHOULD BE
RT  : Bruh Retweet if this you
RT  : Existem as pessoas inteligentes , e existem harry styles
RT  : what if niall tweets "' it all wrkd out '' after the croke park
lauren's avi is the cutest thing ever she's so presh
Oomf Aint Text Me Back .
RT  :  Lmao imma buy a vest or some that can make em not explode
RT  : Don't Text me this : 1 . Yeah 2 . Oh 3 . Yup 4 . Lol 5 . Haha 6 . K 7 . Nope 8 . Chillin 9 . Naw 10 . Send me a pic
 guh find me a man . he dont gotta be cute , long as he got some money and a big dingaling
RT  : So essentially #SmiritiIrani has equalled Sonia Gandhi .... as per BJP's SanjayJha ( Sambit Patra )
RT  : Hallo guys , please vote  agr mnjdi member teenebelle -->
RT  : Aerosmith - Livin ' On The Edge
RT  : A nigga worst fear is getting caught masturbatin by their parents
RT  : HARRY CALLED NIALL CROKE PARK PRINCESS YOU RIGHT HARRY
RT  : fuck it castle park arcade is jumpin for Ramona seniors on grad night lmao
This man westbrook just slamed on somebody
why is it so suprising that i havnt drank starbucks in a week or two
RT  : Hoods that get it poppin forreal 9 ward 3 ward 7 ward 0017 #forreal
GUYS TRADE FOLLOWS 20X20 . CMON IM ON TWEETDECK :)
Lol he's a G "  : Nice life Mtho lives RT  : I dont like this "  : How you nunus  ^^) "
 thanx michael ! You realy right ... ppl only find you guys couse of the old fans !
 something beginning with S lol :) haha xx
RT  : Aurora Borealis at Ersfjord , Tromso , Norway . #CGE #Mystic #nature
RT  : RT  :  beasiswa Frankfurt School of Finance & Management JERMAN , mau ? :) ~ 0530
RT  : i hear this soo often lool
RT  : Sean , Darragh and I , in croke park ! Unbelievable weekend !
Grr . This Fri meet the parents session Tsk -.-"
 pls is datz woman @ ur kidnapp ?
RT  : Niggas sit up n talk like hoes
RT  : Today's banner is " EXO Gomawo " ( Yesterday's was " EXO Saranghae " )
RT  : Us lightskinned people not stuckup , we just have high expectations .
 there is ?? hahahhaha I think idk what about you ?
It be the loud lhh bvs
RT  : Niggas Be Like " Im Loyal "
 dat nikkar calld god gave it to me for a reason .. yeap I believe in it niiiikkkaaarrr
Binky wants him to grovel and she dosent want to brake up ???? Is she that stupid ?! #mic
 im jst genuinely terrified of them all
Cali now a victim of a college shooting .. Smh , these niggas wildin #USB
RT  : The boys tourbus outside the Croke Park .
RT  : DESCANSO : R . Madrid 0- AT . Madrid 1 ( Godin )
RT  : im not goin thru phones . Thats so childish .
RT  : if croke park doesnt turn green im going to flip my shit ireland you have one job
 Thanx u r talking about the recent run in with the  ? Quite severe .
RT  : Gedik is when you manja in public . Manja is when you gedik in private . Ada beza .
do yall like my new account im changing it to niall account
Zouis smoking weed was on GMA Today and my mom saw opps ?
  im down to make history !! let me hear some of yall work .
RT  : MSL !!!!!!!!!!! #NYR take a 3-1 ECF series lead !!!! #NYRPlayoffs #AboveAndBeyond
Hmu for bottle service this Saturday at Ibiza for summer jigg few spaces left
 it's Brandi lol . Why ? You can't be in a relationship alone ? Lol
I am currently achieving my dreams of becoming soft ghetto thanks to phoebe and pascale shout outs to u
RT  : Must watch ! RT  : Emansipasi buat cowok itu juga perlu
RT  : favourite lettering of good girl lyrics holy justs
 Connect to #PTCL 3G EVO USB speed upto 3.1 Mbps in over 250 cities & town nationwide . New Summer offer valid till 31 May , 2014
 lol y is it on the sidewalk
if u want to be bad , pls be bad for sumtin or else u ain't worth forgiveness
This nigga Dave playlist shitty af
Well blast some country tunes for a bit , then off to baseball ! and no not in my skirt ffs . lmao , friggen Amanda , quit hacking me now ! ; b
RT  : NIALL AND LIAMS MUM WERE CHEERING FOR THE BOYS IM CRYING THIS IS JUST SO PRECIOUS
RT  : Smh niggas stay fighting on twitter i wanna see some hands thrown
 Lol Ikr get on Lp ? League Play
 thank you ily :-) x
im really ready for my bday tho
 im sorry if you take me serious ! But im just messing with ya , if we met we'd prolly be bestfriends ! Dont be mad sexy !
im finna get " cute ugly " " ugly cute " wateva u wanna call it .. . see im ugly but ina cute way #kmsl
Every car got tint how u gon know if it's me
RT  : Kaykay hate the thots She got certain ones she be Coool with .
Turu "  : what shuold i do ? "
 im pretty sure its not because of drugs lol
Well if i wasnt awake before im awake now
RT  : I ain't takin chances bruh tf is that
A know wen to pull u closer n I knw when to let u loose .
RT  : F is for ... lmao !
RT  : Block B's Zico , P.O , and Park Kyung prove themselves to be street fashionistas
 keep complaing crystal you live like 10 houses down I'll bust a nigga ass
RT  : Yall Sleep On Me !! I May Be Humble , But im Not The One !!!
RT  : u tryna lay in bed w\/ me and listen to 2000s rap all day ??
Ain't nun like a real day 1 nigga talking bout a nigga u been with forever frfr
Tampa ain't no fun I'm thinkin Boca now
Niggas at Howard trying to bring the " Raiden , God Of Thunder " hats back .
 i don't rememeber if i played but the bench was comfortable so i didnt mind haha
RT  :  just passed Kung fu and it's dead !! Great job ! #NoKungFuDallas
They get an 8th an I swear they make it last ALL fucking day , that's why niggas stay smoking all day doin nothin
 where u at answer your phone lol I'm off early
  lol you wana try that
I'll let yu knw wat tme it is off di rip
Ima pull the mailman out his lil car & stomp his nuts .
 I used to think u used to be utterly critical of murali but now the epidemic tht its become makes perfect sense . #javelinthrower
RT  : snapchat bestfriends has got to be the most inaccurate thing ever
RT  : ppl are like YAY HUG DAY IS TMR , while ill be like ..
RT  : Can't wife no bitch Cause these hoes be fuckin Lowkey !
RT  : #5SOSTheLostTapes IM SO EXCITED AHH
 om g wait i kNOW THIS DOUJIN aa its one of my favorites
 Where are youuu ? Im missing you : *
It feels good asf ourside rn
 * shrugs sholders * I can't see why but it's true sweetie x
 i was the first like and first comment on it ! I hope u see it bacause it is true <3 if u see it please follow me
RT  : Lml I fw her yo
RT  : Proud of Niall ! Can't wait until our girls are sellin out stadiums ! <3 #WeLoveYouLittleMix
 thanks for the RTs . X
RT  : Simeone gonna square up with a nigga .. he ain't about to hold back .
 aww dont make me blush
Ean Thorley there's a watch in here for you .. Can u guess which one ? ;-)
RT  : Im not a Demi Lovato fan . I'm a #Lovatic ! There's a difference x
 i hope that youve heard positive things about me heh ( have heard about you alot too ) and when are you seeing them ??
 Duh fuq ? They made a mistake lol
RT  : Older but still funny ! :D Dani Alves & Neymar before a game
Lmao I actually met my other half on MySpace so he's on that too lol
RT  : There is a lot of giornate di merda here .
 word need to do Cardio on a Bmt now . A whol session of Cardio
RT  : Ice cream is BAE lol
im feelin ike malcom in the middle , you bitches that surround me get dismissal
RT  : New Music : Waka Flocka - Turn Down For What ( Remix ) |
 TFTF my brother & fellow patriot , GBY .
Dentist appt and now dermatologist appt = hella waiting -_-
RT  : #Happy2ndAnniversaryMEIEJ THE JOURNEY OF MADHUBALA & RISHABALA -23 RK MADHU WITH THEIR CHILD
Replace " damning " with " deserved " . FTFY . RT  : Damning verdict : Nick Clegg and Lib Dems face wipeout
RT  : 140524 D.O. : " EXO fans are truly the best " #LOSTPLANETinSEOUL naega jeil jal naga !
 my dad is the best !!! and he always dresses cool x go go supervet programme !!!
In it to Winn it Al-Hilal FC
 idk mutha fucker i never met him or knew him personally
RT  : SDDS 160\/180 NO FIESTA SDDS KKKKKKK
RT  : Gah damn our softball team is badass
RT  : Jongdae and soo for peterpan ending heheheh
I'm confused eve can u make it or shall we postpone for the following wkend 1st June ? What's your thoughts girlies ?  #maidduties x
RT  : when u tweetin in class and someone in your class favs ur tweet
Fun place utk hang out with friends ? Im usually akan pergi the spring or plaza merdeka :P #weheartsarawak
I want to get 250 followers so can u guys help me out plz !!!!!!
RT  : NEW : Zayn on stage at Croke Park last night ! ( 25\/05\/2014 ) #89
RT  : [ DL ] 140525 BAEKHYUN cr . B'SPECTRA_6P LINK >>
  Oooo a new vlog name ... show us your tan lines lmao #whatsthosewhitebits lol x
  bryan is like  ... . they dont work out cause they r weak
Oh , ppl still mad at Cuffs I see ... LOL
Omw To Chuck E . Cheese
  single relationship life tooo . lol
RT  : Lance S of Pacers - pls say u r sorry to .  #OUCH
I need to chill cause I dont know her fr lol
Norcross and these lil concerts at graduation man smh
  : I'm really tired of mfs thinkin shit is SWEET ima be in jail by july .  free baby in my bio
  :   don't start with your shit BJ lol
Im sorry , imma explode tomorrow and might as well just cry right
That ready album from trey songz got me feelin extra lightskin for no reason .
RT  : Panera . I want Panera .
 let me retweet this . HOES AINT LOYAL
RT  : Crazy portal 2 adventures with  fucking Glados haha #gamers #gamersunite
RT  : Votes count twice #NHL15Bergeron #NHL15Bergeron #NHL15Bergeron retweet for BERGY
Luis coronel is bomb asf { highkey } xD ... no homo
Lance Stephenson , fuxked the Pacers , chance of winning . Smh he had to talk shxt to Lebron . Lebron was chilling lol
RT  : masih newbie #openfollow for RP Korea . help retweet jfb * 6
 but Ashtons just kinda sticking his hands in the air like " yay "
 traffic on mbs rd heading to airport . Travellers be ware .
Like today as been horrid lol I just wanna go home and lay in bed and relax lol
RT  : Juve fans at Anfield ( 2005 ) during a minutes silence to remember the Heysel disaster #jft39
RT  : Nominate Olicity For A TCA yess
RT  : Shoutout to all 14million of the Taylors . -Trap Wiz
RT  : Frank Lampard & John Terry with the Premierleague trophy back in 2005 . #CFC
RT  : THERE IS A FANCAM ALREADY BUT IT'S SHORT BUT WHO CARES B
RT  : Albo is all over it ! HECS , lies and video tape  via
 thank u for following me would in a goodviel active please would u like to chat with me
Hernandez pleading not guilty what if he win the trial u kno he a triple OG fr
 where will u be assigned ? My brother's in Phils . Baguio Mission . :)
 * flips hair * Cause im one . lol
 and tmmrow training need run the whole field . Pls save me !
 I'm not overly convinced lol Kara would love slippers like that #verygirly x
Lmao nigga ain't even take off they graduation robe yet n already fight
O okay , i'll come see you .. unever called "  :  im bck "
RT  : There's a hidden beach located off the coast of Puerto Vallarta , Mexico :
RT  : Retweet to pass the lean to your twitter homies
And for cases in army , I will not do smth thats not in my job scope .
Swear I think  is a Kings fan ! Yal only tweet when they score ! Smh didn't think yal could have favorites ! Haha #Blackhawks
RT  : Jailyn just don't cooperate with the process lol mf need water
Oomf gonna be playin the game tonight watch
Time for the best in the biz ! Mike Emrick and Eddie Olczyk with the call of ECF Game 6 . #MON v #NYR .
 the pOnis is my favourite manga censor
when i say imma do somethin i do it i dont give a damn whatchu think
This lil bitch must want my bestfriend to beat her ass once again !
 bruh my dad doesn't wanna give me his credit card like tf
finna fall asleep on his back lol
RT  : Y'all only hate texting on here lmao . Them lil ugly ass thumbs be burning ya keyboard up in person .
 raku x chitoge ;) But im ok with tsugumi
could have a beared but i think i'd look bummy cus of my long hair hahah
Praise the Lordt . @ Glazed Donut Works
 have u read the US statement in their mission in Chad ? They are alone on this one n trust me FG cud be BH
RT  : I'm mad at Nintendo because they're not offering NES controller support for Smash Bros U .
RT  :  girl I thought u were Ghirardelli
Nigga took his phone and threw it lmao
RT  : when u see bae being a little too friendly with someone else
I really hate it when people are flaky but instead of gettin mad I'm gettin drunk
 yuk join to concert cjr at bandung , more info ? Cek fav aku
RT  : minho and jongin selca during exo solo concert backstage omfg
Easily our pic for fav tune for the wknd #Getlow   tonight #makeanentrance
  oh I thought you were gunna say Scarlett or something
RT  :  lol you won't that's y we hve GPS ! Not to get lost
omfg 5sos don't stop at the o2 . So proud ilysm
Once again , another night im awake with no one to talk to lol maybe if i spoke another language it would open up my options ! Hablo espanol !
RT  : i am so proud of niall omfg
RT  : tf is a matt espinosa
Y'all niggas be ridin dick so much y'all need a dildo
The way some girls think . Lol smh .
I still fucks with them chicken McNuggets ever since I was a lil girl ... lmao my fave
Ipads are just stretched out iphones . Same for android tablets . same specs .
RT  : Kevin didnt do any dance when he was cosplaying . He's only being cutie and touchy toward kiseop ... xD
RT  : "  : Home alone everyday . Fast forward to June 5 pls , cant fckng wait !! " Hihi see you bh3
 yas theyre classics i think my mom knows about em x ) lmao jk
 u all in my section for lol ? I'm just fuckin wit ya
 im serious xause niggas say their weed is from cali but im just wondering how its shipped .
RT  : [ HQ ] 140526 XIUMIN LUHAN cr . LUVELY
RT  : applied for xfactor , hope it all wrks out
I miss you guys too , jst wait a lil bit longer and everything we'll back to normal lol
RT  : #OpenFollow for RP , no PA ! , RT juseyo .. JFB !
found it on tumblr & i'm in love w it
Lol just saw a school on the news for banning backpacks , theyre just tryna copy MOHS
 wait , did u just start liking paramore this year ? Cuase if u did this is there olny pop-punk cd and not all songs like that
 lol we going too which one yall going to
 Philippines pleasee ! we want to meet fabulous youuu
 I'm playing with Sam lol . Idk y he playing with kill whores I called out spots and they take them #lets letem die
RT  : Miley isn't a slut Justin isn't gay Ariana isn't fake Selena isn't a citizen Dont be so judgemental !
 nah rekon bale will do it lol
  tbh I changed after Sweden bc of what happened at the high five lmao \/o\ they're all so loveable it's crazy
RT  : I keep telling u niggas ... lifting weights don't teach you how to fight . lol
RT  : I got it all but I'll beat yu like yu stole sum ... #300
 kesetclosed : [ V ]  WELKAM TO KESET !!! HAVE FUN AND DONT FORGET TO PUT KESETCLOSED ON UR BIO\/LOC . ENJOY^^  welkam
KEONNA OVA HEA CRYIN BOUT HOW LONELY SHE IS LMFAO
 LOOL ima see next time I go there
 you win cuz thats the best title
I hope you dont get known for nothin crazy . Cuz no man ever wants to hear those stories bout his lady .
No one's clone : Narendra Modi might govern with a bit of Reagan and pinch of Deng
 lol u there by yourself ?!
RT  :       You'll never be known >:) jk lol
 follow me pls lysm babe ! #wesisfollowinpeeps 23
joey boney ass on my tl . lmfao .
I didnt even it was past 9 ive been on youtube since 12
RT  : Oomf better take me to see the fault in our stars !!! Idc if I'm bae or not !
RT  : Haha who else hates when someone retweets something that someone you can't stand tweeted .... Like eww gtf off my timeline
Nigel doesnt know what a retweet is bruh
RT  : When ur busy and u see someone flirting with bae
 lowkey that's why I didn't go there xD
Lebron shoulda just took that smh
RT  : ' Ive been writing down facts about me , just incase I forget ' michael clifford
Ima rewatch pretty little liars because i love it that much :3
EVERYTHING IS HAPPENING SO FAST I CANT KEEP UP BUT IM SO HAPPY IM CRYIGM
 i am i just woke up fr i aint even call that nigga yet
Staffing tryna find sumwhere for me to go
Hu is writing NECO and hasn't done biometrics ?
 woah you're so fast ( y ) <3
RT  : can I own every piece of clothing from pacsun & urban outfitters pls
#YouAreBeautiful ALLLY THIS HASHTAG SHOULD BE FOR YOU IM UGLY AF
 U shouted on  , threatening to  . U lost temper . Plz think who needs INTROSPECTION or MEDICATION
Momma won't buy me a bape hoodie
iWonder Where Sum See Theirselves In 5 Years ?
 lol I'm over here takin shots back to back Idk what turn down means
 drink some gingerale and take a quick nap then turn up again lol ...
Im done . Dont fucking say shit you DONT mean .
RT  : rt for an indirect mbf bc goals lol
RT  : Full picture of tonight's selfie wouldn't fit on insta
Discussing with friend and feeling like a fanwar lol
help im going through my old meme tag on tumblr
RT  : When u mad at bae
RT  : How Yu Goin Save Her & Don't Know Shit About Her
RT  : IF NIALL TWEETS TO KATY PERRY " IT ALL WRKED OUT " IT WOULD HAVE MORE RTS FASTER THAN THE OSCAR SELFIE
RT  : Sooo todays Wednesday or nah .... cuz im definitely crushing #
RT  : RT for a DM to Luke Hemmings ( mbf bc goal )
 u know i still exist wowowowow
RT  : I'm lowkey ugly but it's ight
Try Santago Bernabeu RT  : The UCL Final doesn't feel like it was lastnight , i dont have the finale hangover . Or is it just me ?
  dude it doesn't even matter emma stone is my irl waifu ok
 awwww shit how I know you was finna say sum lol
 I accidentally unfollowed you and now I can't REFOLLOW you bc follow limit
 hahaha yeah the mountains are beautiful ! And the road is curvy and fun lol
RT  : #openfollow for kpopers esp lee hyukjae biased
RT  : Twitter ( RT ) ou Facebook ( Fav )
  Oh yea I do got her beat . . . LLS TAE DNT PUT N NO FUCKIN WORK
They're coming to ilorin -___- "  :  yeh .... madrid won d champions league ! "
 u can watch it on my hulu if u want !! You'd still have to watch ads but yea
RT  : Most Jpanese dont watch Badminton n r going about their lives as normal - whilst Msians r hving heart attacks
Them Migos niggas are lame . Can't stand to hear shit they sound talkin bout
    lol u were right then
 kikkin it turnin up with the guys
Get tf out my face fuck nigga where was you at when a nigga had nothin !
Naww I'm just yo side nigga baby chill
Spoelstra is a fuccin bum idc what nobody say
Ya lil attitude prolly gotta mean chewy
  :  lmfaoo asshole .  Far From Lol wyd
RT  : [ Preview ] 140526 #Jr . at MBC idol Futsal Tournament cr . doubleaction_94
RT "  : [ PREVIEW ] 140526 Luhan at MBC Idol Futsal Championship ( cr : five season )  "
 aight i don't want no smoke lol
You wanna pitch to him ? Yadier your freakin mind ! #STLCards
i know u dont think that im trying
 I'LL SEE YOU AT SITC BBY
if youre leaving the fandom bc Zouis smoking pot i laugh at you , pick ur balls up
   y'all all come surfing w me lol
Keyaad is super sweet though lol that's my nigga
FCK . THEN THERE'S INFINITE ON MCOUNTDOWN . TOO MUCH FEELS
Mr. Popular Meets Miss Nobody 1 po ay completed na ulit sa wattpad . You can read it again thru this link ....
Nigga try to lock her down , but she gon rebel
RT  : ' Ive been writing down facts about me , just incase I forget ' michael clifford
People constantly ask when we're getting married . Lol wut
RT  : People will complain about your tweets but continue to follow u LOL
Spotify User's Data Accessed in Systems Breach : Streaming music provider Spotify said it has become aware of u ...
 oh retweet it . I usually favorite it but ima retweet em from now on .. which will be every five seconds .
Oh my goddd , I still haven't found my berries , buuut I found this
RT  : IF YOURE READING THIS I LOVE YOU AND YOURE A BEAUTIFUL PERSON AND YOU DESERVE TO BE HAPPY YOURE WORTH IT
Ima be 21 next year so I'm def gettin this
Some guys hv a bad macking game ever , how u gna start with " I love u " to someone u just saw now . It sounds like a lie , actually it is a lie .
RT  : All dis dick ridin niggas doin dey shouldn't b niggss nbs ... #300
 ayeeeee ill give u pizza . Or even a penguin follow me pls ? Aye luke hemmings ** 623
RT  : It seems like half of the people on my tl are seeing Demi at KoKo .
i'm over here tryna dance my sads away . won't you join me ?
RT  : ' Ive been writing down facts about me , just incase I forget ' michael clifford
 omg im just a ghost
RT  : 5 RTS for a selfie
 pahahahahahah u suck not gna text you back no more
She's gonna have big head big eyes big nose & big lips just like momma lol
RT  : I keep telling u niggas ... lifting weights don't teach you how to fight . lol
I DONT EVEN ONOW WHATS HAPPENING H #HaylorIsBack
omg , i love yoon with that headband
I shouldve stayed home lmao
I wish all the good I do for ppl , comes bac tooo me on this one
RT  : Ima let yall graduate but 2012 was the best graduating class of all time
 I'm always in H and you never Fwm
dont waste your time on me , youre already a voice inside my head .
RT  : #openfollow buat RP . RT juseyo !
RT  : When you're texting or some shit and somebody ask " Who you textin ? "
 can u say " eu te amo Morgana " for me , pls ? make my dream come true , I love you so much , pls ? x21
I heard abt that edes street shooting ... damn man
 lol I know you a thot , you been very thotful lately
If I ever somehow get my hands on some millions I swear niggaz would hate me lol
anyone from c side have a pic of the exam schedual
face has been scrubbed and moisturised now i'm feeling smoothy smooth and happy
 can you plz follow me and  plz
 im not one of those people who can come to ur tour . So can u plz follow me im so sad it can make me happy :(
 really ? I guess mine is goin slow i dont know
 no pos wow ... then drown urself in the bathtub . Lol
RT  : Just chilln w\/  &  what's gudd tonight
 games don't make ppl violent . Ignorant asshole rants on pages they don't care about make ppl violent
When a nigga ask u to fuck its a yes or no question . We ain't calling u no hoe baby
#TheHometeam has your #LoserOfTheDay at 10:10 p ! SMH ... talk about a #DumbSelfie tune in !
 Hahaha , since tmr sat got free time . :D
Idk what would be the right choice or whatever idc
I'm tryna experience experiences that are hella far out
RT  : best snapchat I've seen all day lmfao
 what do u knw abt fuck
 what physics are in project x lol
 u naughty boy what if Theo was watching u touch on urself :) item baby and am so proud of u and the other boys
RT  : Tuh ! RT  : Ppl not even worth the time and day no more
I see #oomf all around Fayetteville but I never say anything to her lol idk why
Gtfo scar . shit u
 don't worry we are warriors and the only person we need is Demi she is string and so are we luv u hopefully u can be strong
Yes why not ? Is he not a leader ? "  : U condemn dem too ?? "  : Muslim Leaders Condemn Boko Haram  ""
RT  : when bae is mad at you , but u just wanna love them
RT  : [ at janoskians movie ] Me : [ starts crying ] friend : why r u crying it starts in 20 minutes
RT  : Bruh ... its raining hard asf
 when is hells kitchen on in the UK . .. plz x
You ever caught yourself singin and you hit that note like you can sing lol
A flower with wind chimes hangin off where her coochie is lmao .
 hey liam :) How are you today ? Can u pls do the honor and be my 1\/5 ? Love you alots :D >  X22
Check out 's #selfie  on  HEY BBY PLEASE FOLLOW ME , I LOVE U SO MUCH AND U NEVER NOTICE ME +7
 Watched the TRG stream for the 9th time , still can't handle it ! xD
 i see , u can comeee
Lol , i knew it wasnt gone be long before she changed her header !!
 haha dont know mate reckon he just done in his wife a few times
#small pussy , #teeny fanny , #teeny arse , #teen clit : Slender Blond Hottie Provides Her BF With A ...  #FootFetish
RT  :  Mannnn idekk where my phonee iss
Hapi sundai let all living dat hav breath Say haluya ......
 yall be all into lol
tumblr n music b4 bed
lol I was gunna slide in ya dm till I saw u wasn't following back lol
 leighton cauchi hugged me bc he's my best friend aw im friendzoned
 aww it goes so quick doesnt it . Take care xx
Fuck that lil indirect shit R.I.P AJ
 omg omg thaaank you ! Xd I found this hipster pics n decided 2 do pics with bunny *_* look XD
Thanks Dilla and Winda ... You're so cool .
  haha sounds great so who is with me whois for true love aka Jays
  : FCUK WHOEVER MADE THIS   OMFG NO
RT  :    I look so awk in this pic lol
 I want payback for Debbie , Braden Holt , & you're gona do it .  #Wentworth
RT  : #Thanks for the MTs and RTs !
im awake and its 9.54 wtf im so tired cause i went to sleep like 6am but i cant sleep
 no I'm not sure that's why I said " apparently " but IM CRYING ALREADY OMG
 you spelt it wrong lmfao
RT  : Niggas be like " I'll send you the answers , I gotchu "
RT  : New chara , #openfollow for rp esp zea
RT  : James and his twin brother lol wtf
Do we have a video of Nina and Kellan at the WMA already ? I wanna know wtf were they doing with that bread ...
  he dressed up to warm the bench tonite lmao
   niggah I don't even know where my xbox is
wat u kno ' bout hockey ?!
 nah u just dont wanna see me win lmao
Maturity doesn't come with age but with experience so I dont blame " old heads " wen they dont act their age they just havent experience shit
 TARA PLS Haha Where ka ba now ? :))
RT  :  why is my bestfriend so sexy ..??!! . Got a nigga feeling ugly fr .
Woah , that was weird seeing you but im happy we did :) sorry she wasnt overly excited to talk . She didnt expect to see you :\/
RT  : Trying to remember how I expressed feelings in texting before emojis . Can't really remember lol
Toor "  : To all the boys lieing that they don't have gf just to make some of us dere side chicks .. May God punish u "
RT  : The BIGGEST lebron haters are Kobe fans .. idk y
U and ur boyfriend got it commin
 Nee bad or gud pblm illa bt Enakku Always Good Frnd :-)
 HIS NAME IS BULLSEYE BC YOU SEE HIS BLACK EYE WELL THATS WHY
Lol ion kno why that was funny
WHY WAS MADISON INVITED BUT TAYLOR WASNT WTF IS THIS ? This is not brotherr ship
I love how the people at lollicup know me cause of the drink I order lol
 i thought of u after omg :((((((
RT  : Why all the unloyal hoe bitches be screamin " these hoes ain't loyal " we talkin bout you blood .
  lol nah * I'M funny lol & let's stop @ her .. She's probably busy sleeping or watching YouTube lol
RT  : i swear to god when i get my license im not boutta pick up people who dont ever do it for me . gtfo
 ciao cara . Spero tutto bene u & your husband in Switzerland . Wish u both a #Lovelyday . xoxo
 : * friendzones u but with benefits *
RT  : rt another gain tweet in 5 mins get stalking or u miss it
Channing leaving for work I guess I'll go to sleep homie .
k bitch facebook isn't for you to share that stupid shit your crapstain of a little sister would reblog so can u just not .
 hahahha opssss yeah thats why in twitter kalau ada that rt thingy u would ask for people to belanja kan huhuhu
  Erly mrng prayrs in temple also use speakers . y to wry only about masjids ? Masjd or Tmple , Its God . lets tak dat
Come at me with indirects I aint gon write a song about you Ima knee you in ya neck
I love u nialler ! Plz follow me !  < 5725
RT  : my type is hot boys that look like homeless meth addicts but still take showers everyday and arent actually addicted to meth
 tell me why ! woah I miss ploting with you . I dunno thats our habbit
RT  : im at the trader joes tradin hoes
TAKE A HIT AND YOU'LL UNDERSTAND LIL NIGGA
RT  : this is so hilarious zayn didnt noticed harry i #WMAOneDirection  via
RT  : Siang :) #openfolllow for all rp , pls rt
RT  : WHY WASNT THIS CONCERT ON LIVE STREAM IM SO PISSED
RT  : With all our support n prayers our national football team will win tonight insha Allah !
I guess real madrid watch man utd tape before this finale bcos so many crosses #HalaMadrid
Dr Maan Aboul Hosn Chief Resident General Surgery God bless u brother
RT  : havnt done an ask Jai in ages so let's do one :P #askjai
Tbh , Calum Hood is the cutest thing to grace our earth .
RT  : people only love u when they see u doin good
 Im talkin bout leavin fa the military lol .. hope y'all gone b ready
 hahaha omg ! Good luck Joey
These bitches aint loyal and these niggas nt real nor want so shit for u
RT  : ' Im a toy , I don't even have feelings right hahaha '
1dmofosupdates retweed one of my tweets it went from 5 rts to 60+ rts in 2 secs i see
lol . after 22 messages you would think you would understand im not gonna text you back .
RT  : cute lil pitbull pup
Sighh , maybe I shouldn't expect so much from u
 they're basically just soft racist . Like a toned down bnp they're all mindless morons haha
Its gonna be a tense summer . Not much promise either anywhere . " Rumoured " targets arent easy to get . Least of all Strootman + Hummels #MUFC
 * giggle * fanx pal ! Yoo see me smel owt tunnel da wong way ? Gotta keep em on der toze ! Gud day ?
RT  : Can't wife no bitch Cause these hoes be fuckin Lowkey !
Whoever that is bout to be shittin bricks if they eat all that McDonalds
 im okay ald anyways thx :3
 #30thMay2014 #werememberthem 3.5 million Biafrans killed by Nig 67 -70 . pls join us trafalgar square london Pls support us
 u gotta see this  im still fighting only for u , thanks for saving me everyday #WMAJustinBieber x11161
i should put that little yellow shitbox outta order lol
obvs working round my v . demanding social life ... .. .. .
I need to do this survey from my whataburger receipt cuz I get a free burger . Lol
 its notttt , its actually safe and so cool . def on my places to go . r u goin angola ?
im whipped as fuck and we arent even talking
 lol ive had a snake in the pool a couple times
RT  : if u open this picture and didnt rt let smilers and miley judge u now #MileyForMMVA
RT  : WTF is Simeone doing ?
RT  : Bruh don't mean to insult u or anything but got to ask this are u gay or just a weird guy ?
 congrates for HRD . Hope future generation won't be pressurised2 read Mughals anymore . Need Shivaji , RanaPratap , Chauhan in books .
 my dear .... cant believe am sending u there ..... #DM ..... hehe ... check
I never wanted to follow beliebers and directioners because if theres drama my TL is mess but now even different fandoms talk about it , ok .
 Ayyyy black boyfriend introducing you to thangs lmao . it looks so good !!
 I wrote a letter hehhe im sorry If my grammar bad ^^
And why am I on twitter , fb and snapchat ? #ISmellRepeating
The MLK of yearbook quotes LOL  #ablackshow
WET CHANYEOL DRUMMING IS JUST ILLEGAL CAN YOU NOT FCK YOU
 then you fucking with the wrong black niggas then lls
 bruh y u not playin they need u ? Brooks is trippin !
RT  : Oh Sehun .. now and then .. I see no difference . LOOL cr . llamayeol v . aya -Y-
RT  : Off to bed . Goodnight wishes ? * krik krik krik * Lol , night guys . Bye .
Bri back here making a music video lol
 Also , shuttup foo . You ain't never hit me up lol
daehyun sorry for laughing at u abt ur first oversea trip i know understand how u coped with everything :-\/
can teala Dunn tweet something stupid im bored
RT  : The talk after you pick ya home girl up from by her new nigga #BlackRanked Wuzzam Supa
RT  : lol the aftermath of the concert ............... broken shoes and all omg please take care
candyman by christina aguilera is such a perfect song idk her voice makes me melt man >>>>>>>>>
RT  : Do u ever feel like life is a bird and ur a car inna parking lot
ZAYN PLS OMG WHERE THE HELL ARE YOU
Im sooo done talking bout something that happened 3weeks ago .. Ive moved all the way on i would like if ppl stop askin me questions bout it
tht feelings when u see ur classmate going home early because s\/he is sick ...
  : yes plz   bitches so needy now adays !
But I know yall seen the spurs take that L right ?
RT  : ' Ive been writing down facts about me , just incase I forget ' michael clifford
RT  : "  : I got 50k cash I need a job done asap . hit my dm . " Zamn u trynna get niggas outta here .
[ VID ] 150523 EXO Lost Planet Concert : Yixing ( cr : whose_whose via : vivienne-lay )
Nigga Floyd is little if you can get your body on him I'll wrestle his lil ass lmao
Don't let that dumb nigga getcha fucked up baby
RT  : IF THAT VIDEO DOESNT DESCRIBE WHAT KIND OF BAND THIS IS IDK WHAT WILL #5sosTheLostTapes
 \/coughs . Im pretty sexy hot . And youre not . Hahaha
 Can I marry u or naw
Im soo ready to go homeee . Like damn .
RT  : I think all girls get a lil crazy over the right nigga !
 i thought youre not working whut
I been told you that yo folks dont care about you . "  : Im starving and my dad deadass didnt make me a plate .... "
RT  : I RETWEETED THIS BEFORE ASHTON DMED ME WHAT THE HELL THIS ALWAYS HAPPENS TO ME
RT  : { HD|UPDATE } 140526 Luhan at MBC Idol Futsal Championship ! || cr . Stealer
He who make tha rules breaks tha rules ..
RT  : I coulda swore .... lol nvm .
  you would , now isnt that the same thing france is doing with the hijab ? her rulers dont like it and 85-95% people
iml istening to music and the song keeps on getting LOUD and then soft and thEN LOUD again because of notifications SEXE !!!
RT  : theres always chanbaek whenever exo comes in the ph so im really expecting nsfahsgdfaghsdf moments on tlp manila OTL
RT  : Tbh ur fingering ur butthole right now
luhan updated his ig omg . i am motivated to study
 - yup I got that asss u caught niigga !
 I heard Philly is goin to meet u down there ;)
RT  : Yea . That nigga aint saying nothing now ..
All lever thought abwt was yu
RT  : time flies by when you're facetiming the bae
U dont know how I feel about this
 come to my job I'll give you a baconator lol
Rihanna just made Maya Angelou her avi .... you're a thot stop faking
A nigga bodied Malcolm X what makes you think you can't get bodied
RT  : im the lil bitch in the theaters tryna hold back my tears when no one else finds the movie said
 \/make a pet face . wtf wrong with me tonight haha
 na u sabi oh ... Bsidez , I dnt care anymore ... Boyz ain't worth d drama !!
RT  : No relationship is perfect tho me bae goo from Lovey dovey to ima fuck yo shit up in 1.8 seconds
RT  : Over here tryna get my nail polishes and shit lol
I am free of prejudice . I love everyone equally but u Rana Samaha changed all that .. No one was loved the way i luv U
